How low guys it's me. Hello. Welcome back to a brand new day of Halloween during Halloween for seven days straight every single day. I am uploading a Halloween themed video and today I am really really excited. So last week I was heavily bingeing on root balls drag race, all stars and one of my favorite looks out of the entire season was by Monet exchange Monet recreated that iconic look that Rihanna wore to the Met ball where she looked like a pope and Monet just added like all this red eye shadow like glitter she had like the the big red contacts on and that was probably my favorite look out of the entire season and then on Twitter Axel, Aurora tweeted me his looks and one of them is so incredibly iconic and I was like, Oh my god, this is my Halloween look right here that mouth by Axel. And then Monet's eyes and like, who it is like glam but spooky and scary but still sexy all the SS and the G for glam so if you're excited to be a bride slash demon from hell this Halloween, then keep on watching. Alright guys, let's get spoopy I do want to let you know before we get started that in this video I am teaming up with pee Louise because they recently collaborated with one of my favorite makeup artists in the moment Mitchell and They created something new called the acid rain. We're going to dip into it later I'm going to show you how it works but before we start off I do want to let you know that this video is in partnership with that so off camera I went ahead and blocked up my eyebrows using my elmers washable school glue. Now for the love of your eyebrows, please use a glue that is washable and you can take off easily. Don't be going in with like all these like hardcore stuff that you will never get out because you will get it out but your eyebrows will also get out of your skin. And for anyone who's new to makeup. What that means is you put glue on your brows a couple of layers and you're really flat and the hairs against the skin. And then once you go in with your concealer and like your color corrector This will show you no brows whatsoever. It's like you shaved them off without shaving them off. And since Monet shaves her eyebrows off. I was not going to do that today so I was going to block them out. Okay, I am noticing that I'm still waking up at seven in the morning here I just woke up like I did all this preparation Now here we go the first step we're doing today is primer This is Fenty beauty mattifying primer This is a must oh wait hold on before we do primer we have to set the glue with powder now it is primer time next It is time to color correct the brows before we go in with all that coverage because if you were just to apply foundation and concealer over this the chance that like the darkness piece through and creates like a bluish shadow is very very there some dipping into my dragon beauty skin. Wait what hold on dragon fire skin perfecting potion now I am pale as hell so I only need to tiniest bit. She got some orange bros, honey and we're done. That is my demon from hell bride from hell look. I hope you enjoyed And now it is time for the coverage finally look at my favorite part for foundation today and first going in with the stay naked by Urban Decay and mixing in a couple of drops of the Laura Mercier a flawless fusion ultra Longworth foundation Jonas, God, Dylan really loves me for my looks Hmm. You want to remind yourself that the less friction on the just glue down browse the better. So as soon as you come near the brows, make sure you use a light tapping motion so that you leave the glue in place. They went for the eye shadow later on. You don't want to be going in with a brush like it's your last day on planet earth like you want to take your time like you want to be gentle about it, approach it with love and tenderness. I look like a sick jellyfish time for concern. delivered today I'm dipping into the elf 16 hour cammo concealer. It's my first time trying this So pray for me and I am using the color light sand all right in a second I'm about to blimp this all into my skin and then I'm going to set my under eyes using the Anasazi Beverly Hills loose setting powder and vanilla and the rest of my face using this larmer CAC for breaking powder. Okay, great. Now we just went from a jellyfish to an egg. If you always wanted to be an egg during Halloween, this is what you do. Alright, off camera I'm quickly going to do my other eye to kind of see where I'm going so I know exactly how to take Tell you what to do and I'll be right back All right guys, one i is done and I am absolutely living for all of it and then just wait until that crazy content goes in and just completes the look for this I portion I told you I'm partnering up with pee Louise and in a previous video, I was using the acid rain collection p Lewis saw and they were like babe, he can't really use it as a base because apparently these set in 60 seconds so you apply them you let it rest for 60 seconds and it's set and it won't go anywhere whereas I was just using it as a base so don't be doing that. Okay, we have the base for that. They literally come in a bunch of shades like look at that like a purple. We've got like a blue This one is really really calling my attention here this Limelight This is a neon green, yellow. So they come in a bunch of colors. And these are like a drying pink. These are incredible to do cut creases to do eyeliners to do detailed work. I really like these after I got the hang of them and today I'm going to show you how they work. Oh, by the way, p Louis is now available at all Morphe stores. Congratulations page that is huge. And of course don't forget, I am also an affiliate up Louis. So if you want to save money on these, all you have to do at checkout on the website is use discount code Nikki for a discount, and guess what in the Morphe stores, you can do the exact same thing. The first product I'm going to go in with however, is not the acid rain i'm actually going in with a colored brights base also by P Louise and this is in the color rudeboy red and we're using this as a base. Alright, so I pick it up on a brush, and then I just start patting it on to the lid to get that color on. And then I'm going to work it up to the crease I mean you got rid of your brow so you've got space honey and then now going in with a fluffy brush and blending out the edges. This doesn't have to be perfect because we're going over top with a shadow Anyways, we definitely want to make sure that that edge that harsh edge is gone. All right then now going into this incredible palette by Stacy Murray and be perfect. This is the carnival extra large Pro, and I'm taking the dark like sexy color called reckless and I'm picking that up on a brush and placing it on the outer part of my eye and you want to stamp this color on top of the base, it's going to act like a magnet, it's really going to grab on to all that pigment and make it magical. And then you just want to create this smoky outer corner then going back into that same palette and taking this absolutely brightest red I've ever seen in my entire life. It's called Inferno and it is red. And I'm going to start buffing this in above that dark color we just placed and this is going to be our transition color. And think big here guys, this is Halloween. This is the time to go all out. And again, you've got rid of your brows. So take up that space. I'm also starting to place that red here on the inner corner. And again, you really want to buff and blend this in. And remember we worked so delicately on blocking those brows that once you like sort of get into the brow area with blending, just use very light pressure to not sort of like mess up the glue. Alright, it's tougher, one of my favorite parts totally blowing this up and taking it up. So I'm hopping over to the MoMA Mitchell and beauty Bay palette. And from this palette, I'm taking these two shades right here called Mr. H and milkshake and I'm mixing those two together on like, seriously such a big big brush, and I'm just gonna go ham on my eyes. And Promise me if you're recreating this look, just have fun with this one. Okay, it doesn't really matter how far you take this one up, how like extreme you want to make it. It's totally up to you. You are the boss of your own face your makeup but since it's Halloween I'm taking this bad boy up okay and then now it's finally time to dip into the acid rain colors by pure Louise like I said a paint that dries by itself so all you need to do is apply this Let it be I'm going in with the colors, blank canvas and a little bit of raver this raver is a little bit too intense for this look right here. Normally I'd be like okay, yes come through, but for today I want it to be like a soft pink. So the magic is mixing the two to create your own color. So you should kind of come up with a color like this and then I'm going to dip from there using my brush and I'm just going to carve out a new crease and then fill it in. So make sure you get it on nice and even. And now you can leave it like this and it will be absolutely brilliant but because I want to incorporate a bit more of that red tone onto the lid. I'm dipping back into that Inferno shade and just on that outer corner here where you already created that blend. I'm going to bring in a little bit of that red now This to me is some makeup porn. All right so since I'm addicted to the glamour and this is a bridal look I of course did something shimmery and glittery somewhere so I'm going in with this this is the head of beauty matte and metal melted shadows and this is in the color cherry soda and I'm using this metallic side as a base for my laner and then on top the Mitchell it's a lot of Mitchell MP Luis today, the Mitchell eyeliner topper in collaboration with beauty Bay and this one is in the color, Mama and then I'm popping the Mitchell liner on top as well. Sort of framing the very edge of the crease. Time to wrap it up for the I look so I'm going back in with that rude boy red bass and using it as the base on the lower lash line and then going in with the same two colors to buff and blend that in. Lastly a pink inner corner highlight tend to pop on some lashes and then it's time for the crazy scary mouth. Okay eyes are done and I know right now it's like a super glam no brown look like this could be Jeffrey stars every day red makeup look, but I swear once like the mouth is on and we have the creepy contacts in it. I'll post together. So now let's focus on something that I'm really scared to do because it's been a year and I've been alone. Little bit rusty is tend to do a special effects, sort of like torn demon mouth. And what I usually always do is go in with a light IRA pencil to sketch out the shapes. And then we're going to go in with all the pains and then we're going to shade and highlight and make it work and torque. Seriously no idea what this is going to turn into, but we have a shape. I mean, I don't know I'm trying Okay, time to go into a water activated red face paint. And I'm reading it right now. And I think a good first step would be to fill in everything with red except for the teeth. So that's a like an easy step to get yourself going. All right, I'm just here to remind you and mainly myself today that you should take it just one step at a time, work in layers and then fine tune in the end. So I think a logical next step is to fill in the teeth using like an off white collar. So you don't want it to be pure white, you kind of want it to be dirty like a demon. Oh my god, this is so hard. This is so so incredibly hard to do, but we have faith in the makeup gods that they pull through. Once the teeth are filled in, it's time to add in your shadows and this is the part where things start looking a little bit better, hopefully. So places you want to add shadows is like right up to the edge of the torn mouth. Like in between the teeth. Like right now it looks like a cartoon and it shouldn't Alright, shadow is attitude the corner of the mouth. I think that would be a good time to focus on the teeth and then we'll do fine detailing. Mm hmm. So using an ochre colored eye shadow, I'm just going to add shadow to the teeth. Okay, we're getting somewhere. Now it is time to add highlights in the color of soft pink to sort of like where the muscles would be in the mouth. All right time for some depth. I'm adding black in between the teeth and creating that shadow. And now let's make some magic happen by adding the highlights. Alright glow babies I promised the end is in sight. All we're going to do now is create a shadow surrounding the mouth and then highlighting in between so just a little bit under the mouth. You want to create a line of shadow and then that is going to make it a little bit more believable. Not that I think this is anywhere near believable but still All right now I'm going to line the lips Finally we have moved on to my normal lips I'm going to lie My lips using the house laboratories rip lip liner in the color sullair and filling in the rest of my lip using this Fenty beauty map was a lipstick in Griselda as the final finishing touch, I am taking the moron blood splatter and I'm going to spray some around the mouth. Oh my god. And that guy's completes this demon bride to be demon bride Brad from the demon world Halloween makeup tutorial. I think this is one hell of a scary look for Halloween to frighten someone Friends around you Alright guys, I hope you enjoyed this crazy Halloween makeup tutorial. If you end up recreating it, don't forget to tag me on Instagram or Twitter or somewhere where I can find you. And without any further ado, I hope I will see you tomorrow for a new day of Halloween. 

