Hey guys, welcome to today's video we're going to be testing out youtubers makeup. This can be an influencer that collabed with a major brand or an influencer that has their own brand. It's kind of a mix. It's a little bit 5050. But I have a big been and I've kind of pulled things aside that I've wanted to try out and support and explore. And I felt like the last one of these that I did went over so well where I just tried so much of, you know, everything full face and you guys really enjoyed it. It's been a hot minute since I've done one of these. And there are a lot of really, really exciting new launches that have to do with people in my community and I just wanted to show some love and test things out. still give a little bit of a mini review and yeah, I guess we're gonna dive right in notice I get like kind of nervous when I say that, because I kind of feel like when you review a fellow creators product, you're kind of putting a hard spot you know, and I've said this before you either, you know say exactly how you feel and that gets you in hot water like you're ruining Someone's launch and you're just, you know, shame on you for doing that. Or if you're too lovey dovey with it, you're just fake phony and just trying to you know, get on someone's good side so it's a little bit tough to navigate this is probably the most challenging of videos like with brands, and I say this like as politely as I can, but with brands I feel like I can find the good and bad in all products. You know, occasionally there are products that I'm just like, oh, like next pass, but it's a brand it doesn't seem personal. It doesn't seem like someone that I'm going to go and make eye contact with at an event you know what I'm saying? So this is a little bit why am I doing this again, I don't even know it's really pretty. There's a lot of great makeup in front of me. I really wanted to put some of this to the test. A few things I have tried and used before. A few things are brand spanking new. We'll talk about it all. break it all down. And I also want to give my deepest apologies to make it by eemaan because I really love this blush palette. I don't I gave it fair justice in the video that I posted where I tried this on it was like a new at the drugstore video I will link that below in person. It did not look as crazy as it did in camera where the saturation picked up a little bit hotter. We're gonna play with this again I'm going to do everything in my power to like go lightly because I was also wearing a lot of bronzer underneath and it was bronzer that I didn't like so check out that video below if you want to see me with a lot of blush. So what we are going to do is make the skin look gorgeous play with Kristin Dominique. She has another new palette I still hadn't even tried this one and I'm like oh my gosh, another launch. Awesome for you like these palettes are really nice size. We're gonna play with this. We're going to play with a little bit of physicians formulas, so some higher end a little drugstore Of course I have some Huda Beauty just because you guys please tell me in the comments below. Am I losing my mind or is there not another brand out there? That is like face base. foundation that is by a creator like Who else is there? I'm spacing? Leave it in the comments below please, huh? Okay, so I want to dive straight into some Huda Beauty foundation she sent over some new colors for me because I think the one that I've been using is just a little too late. This is the shade toasted coconut I start building a house across the street and it literally sounds like it's like an earthquake It is literally like the house shakes like it's kind of making me a little bit nuts and like parking on my street all my gosh, if I seem tired and stressed it's a little bit of that little bit of construction a little bit of I woke up really early and went to the gym and went to bed very, very late. I don't recommend doing that. And yeah, I'm just like, I just need that makeup. I need the makeup so badly. Okay, but I do want to do is test out also this Huda Beauty face buff and blend complexion brush okay so I have it in the brush and I am just going to buff and blend and I'm going to really try my hardest. My very, very, very very very very very hardest to not overuse product which is so hard for me because in all things well not in all things but in so many things in life I'm like more is more. I say that a lot here on my channel. I'm like why not have just a little extra like the sprinkles on top, but maybe with your foundation you just don't you don't need sprinkles on top, you know? Alright, so this was the new shade they sent to me to try out It does look a little yellow. I did a test recently to see how product was oxidizing Huda products do oxidize. This one is Alright, so the other thing I've been doing recently is and I always say Just little things in my routine, I have actually been taking my foundation up underneath my eye and then I'm only using a tiny, tiny amount right in here and out on this edge where I have a little discoloration and I like it. It's one of the new techniques that I'm so into. And then I try to make sure I don't get too much makeup on the forehead. also part of the reason that I've changed up and I'm using this mirror right here is it is a magnification mirror. It's not like a crazy magnification but it is enough where you see a lot of things that you don't want to see but you need to keep it in your head that people don't look at you this close up. It really just gives you an opportunity to see what needs to be blended better where you need to adjust something so that you know from a normal distance you look so good. All right. I really do love this foundation. It's so full coverage. It's so light. It is so fragrant. That is the one thing that makes me lose my mind. And if I wear more than like three times in a row I do start to break out so that really sucks but I can usually get away with like one great killer makeup day. And that's why I continue to keep it on hand. Okay, moving into a product I know and love very well the Jeffree Star magic star concealer. I'm going to go in with C 13. And I'm just going to hit right in here. Right there. Just hit right in here. Oh my god, she's not doing triangles. Who is she? I don't even know. This is a new look. Such such such killer concealer. Oh my gosh. Okay, before I go into powder, I do want to try out a new blush that is a serum blush. This is by m cosmetics. I'm going to use the shade rose milk kind of looks like a little nail polish thing to do, right? It's cute. We're going to go in kind of the same way I do with the honest blush. My sister and I went to Target and got like a ginormous bag of candy corn. And as I'm sitting here, I'm like, like, fall is here. And I feel like every time I say that I am like nauseous or like, ooh, I have a headache or my like, everyone's like you're pregnant. Can we please for the love of God? I will tell you guys, I promise you, I will tell you guys, I mean, and even if I didn't, at some point, you'd be like, I'd be like, look a baby, you know, so you would know can't a girl just be nauseous and have cravings and be Moody, indecisive and tired? have a headache? Can't I just be a lot of things and not be pregnant? Does it mean that when I am pregnant, I get to be a lot of things and like that's the get out of jail free card like leave me alone. I'm pregnant. Leave us alone, you know, oh crap. I had wanted to use the Amman blush. Gosh, dang it. All right. Once that sinks in and I powder it I am going to put just a tiny Bit of the mind blush whoo I told myself I was not going to overdo the blush, whatever. I'm going to do it anyway I think it would look way better on like no foundation. Okay we are going to go on top and underneath the eye a little bit with some powder. I'm going to take my magic star translucent and I'm just gonna take a brush from Maloney that I've really really been enjoying. This is the all over blending. This is like a really nice multitasking brush. Nice Okay, we're now going to go in to some bronzer. I'm super excited because I forgot I had this on hand and I hope they still have this available and Casey I am so sorry that this got put in a bin and I did not get to give this a big hug publicly, you know sooner. I really hope they still have this available. This is the butter collection and Casey Holmes collaboration. You guys know how much I absolutely love the butter. bronzer so I thought this was just really fun, really cute. You get the fragrance in there you get a limited edition butter highlighter that actually looks like the perfect perfect shade. I'm excited. So I'm going to go ahead and start bronzing just ever so slightly and lately Okay, do you want to put just a teeny tiny bit of blush from the Amman palette I'm going to use just a tiny little bit on the tip of this brush and right in here and I am going to put on a little bit of the butter highlight. Oh my gosh, this is gonna be the prettiest thing ever. Okay, I'm going to go ahead and line my lips before we pull the camera forward. This is a waterproof lip liner from El Maki OSH and it's a collaboration with Carly Bible This is this shade Luna okay I'm going to go in with this shade I think this is just Bible. So I want to go on top of that with a Kristin Domini collaboration with Mac and this is just a gorgeous neutral tone seems like it would go really nice with this lip liner and then I will scoot you guys in. Can I please get a good lipstick application Phase I need to work on this I really liked this combo but I am in the mood to try as much as I can that's sitting in front of me. So I'm actually going to go in with Kristen Dominique liquid lipstick in beta. And I'm just going to put it on the back of my hand and apply it with my fingertip to kind of lighten up the center of the lip. This is from persona and this is the honey gloss. There's a lip trio. And I think they're really pretty. She also has a new eyeshadow palette that I was trying out and enjoying. I don't know where it wandered off to but she makes some really beautiful eyeshadows that are available at Ulta Look at that. Ooh, that is like a fall combo. I know that was a lot of steps but the darker brown lip liner with kind of a mob lip liner on top, something kind of neutral as far as a lipstick and then kind of lightened up the center and put a gloss on. Wow, that's a lot of steps. And that's super high. Maintenance but arrest me I'm high maintenance. I love how this looks. I can't keep my eyes off that lip combo that is so nice. Yes, I don't have a brow pencil from a creator influencer. I just don't. So we're gonna have to get creative with the Browns because they just don't have that. I'm going to go ahead and use this uptown brown and medium brown just with an angled brush. feeling pretty good about that. Not that I really need more highlighter but I am going to swing this brush right into the shade clutch from Pixi This is the collaboration with Rachel loves. And I'm actually just going to pull that kind of down and kind of pump up the Physicians Formula highlight just A little bit I am in the mood to be more than just lit from within. I want a glow. I don't have anything to contour my nose with. So I am just going to take a teeny tiny hit my contour palette from MAC, I'm just really not even doing much. I just kind of want to skim the side of the nose just to give a little bit of definition here. Okay, so now we're going to get into the fun stuff. I'm going to go ahead and prime my eyelids with something from Pixie This is the meriam and Pixie collaboration. This is the liquid fairy lights and this is just such an interesting, deep like Whoo, like look at that right I do want to hit this on top of the lid I of course need to lay down some shadow first we're going to go into the rustic glam palette and I am going to prime my eyelids with just the Huda foundation not even concealer. I'm just gonna kind of go right on top of the lids. I find that this is full coverage. enough that if you get straight into the eyeshadow before it has a time to really crease or settle or anything like that, it actually makes a pretty great eyeshadow primer. First things first I'm going to take my Scott Barnes six to brush and I'm going to go into this shade right here kind of all over just to set myself up for success in the crease. So this is going to be pretty low and I usually give like 123 wiggle on the outer edge and then back through the crease. And then I kind of stick around the outer edge backs where the crease Next I am going to go into the shade cactus will dangerous. I'm going to go in with this and kind of repeat the same motion, keeping it quite low. I really like this shade. It's super, super unique. I'm just not quite sure where to go from here. I think that's too too much. Huh, I really still wanted to use this somehow. Okay, we're just gonna be kind of adventurous. It's kind of fun. I actually really, really liked that combo and I'm now inclined to go into this green and kind of go right in the center. kinda nice. Now I want to work on the lower lash line, just an itty bitty bit. And to do that, I'm going to take a smudger brush from Zoeva. This is the two to six and I'm going to go into the brown and then I'm going to put a little bit of the teal on top of it. I just kind of want to define right through here. It through here and then buff it out. Okay, so this is one of those looks that looks like Oh dear God, what have I done until you get liner and lashes on so just hang tight, it's going to look gorgeous. I have a really good feeling about it. I'm actually going to take just a little bit of the bronze. I really like this. I think it's so different and peak hockey but just soft at the same time. I also want Want to highlight the browbone just a tiny little bit. I love that there's a nice cream shadow in the palette to do that. I'm going to take this just in the inner corner a little bit as well. I'm going to keep with the theme and we're going to use m cosmetics for our liner today. This is the illustrate of eyeliner. I've used this before I really enjoy it. I'm going to do just like the teeniest tiniest, little baby wing on both eyes, pile on the mascara and I'll be right back. Now I am going to load up my lashes. I really love how this I look turned out. All right, that's a lot of mascara. Wow, I did pull out some Lily lashes just in case. I have not worn a pair of these in a hot minute because I mean they are like vava boom these are the Miami's I mean part of me is like we're already this far just freakin do it right? Yeah, let's just have fun and do it. Oh, okay. love hate relationship with lashes runs so deep. I sometimes love them and I feel like it just takes everything to this very elevated, glamorous place and then other times I'm like, it just ruins a look. It takes away from it. It's too hard. Normally I do not like the Miami lashes from Lily lashes but I'm enjoying them today. I'm actually really I'm into it with This particular Look, I just I really like it. I'm so surprised. So this is where we land you guys. I hope you enjoyed me testing out a ton of different creators products whether it is a standalone brand or a new collaboration, a newer product or one that has been around for a minute, I just wanted to kind of do a full face using a bunch of that kind of stuff. So I actually super love where this all ended. Surprisingly, I will say one thing I wish I'd put this on at the very very end because there is minor Fallout that doesn't really bug me too much. But the only issue that I had with it is really my fault because once you put glitter on, you really want to let it be you don't want to be doing a ton of blending and I thought I was done. But then I got that itch. And I guess what I want to recommend and challenge myself is to wait to the end to put on your glitters, you know, and I'm actually going to put on just the tiniest bit more kind of just like tilt back yeah We'll see that changes Alright, there's so much more I could play with but I am actually just going to step away from the makeup because I'm at that point where if I put on more I think I'm going to ruin it. I would set my face with an orange creamsicle scented setting spray. I don't have that though. Just saying I don't I would support I don't have it. I think drama videos need to be made about that. I was sassing rich Lux for not putting me on his PR list I'm just gonna put some water on the face and he's cool down I need to cool down my entitlement. Oh, actually felt really really good. Okay, you guys this is it. I hope you enjoyed it. If you did give this video a thumbs up leave me some comments. Let me know what your favorite part was. I definitely recommend the new palette from Kristen Dominic. I'm gonna play with her newer newer one that is more galactic kind of bright duochrome neon pink, purple kind of a vibe. I really like the quality of her products. persona glosses are incredible that collaboration is a plus you guys already know I really love the Jeffree Star powder and concealer. The Huda Beauty I've already said my piece on that one Physicians Formula is always good among collab the rage loves club with Pixie, the Pixie eye glitters. It's all great. The collab mascara. Like literally the name is collab, so good. All right, you guys, I hope you're having a good one. Make sure you're subscribed if you have not yet done that, and then ring the bell so you're notified of my upcoming videos. I'm here three days a week, and I would love it if you guys would come and hang out with me again. All right, go have a good one. I know I'm gonna go have a good one with my glittery eyeshadow. I love it. All right. I'll see you guys in my next video. Thank you so much for watching. 

