Hi, everyone, if you're new to our channel, I'm JC and I'm Casey and today we're gonna be doing our mom's makeup for Mother's Day and we have never done her makeup before because she usually doesn't wear makeup. So this is a first and we're really excited to see how it turns out. So let's get started. We're back with our mom and I don't think we've done a video with our mom just alone by the gymnastics video. Yes, but today we're gonna be doing her makeup. And it's not really a full makeover just like you know, adding on some makeup because I like how her hair is today and she's just wearing a black shirt, so not a full makeover. Hi guys. I'm really excited to see what how they do my makeup today. I'm very excited to see how it looks because I've never seen my mom with makeup before. I know she usually just wears it natural. Yes, she does not wear a lot of makeup at all. So I think we should just get right into it. I'm gonna be doing this side of her face. I'm gonna be doing this side. So it's kind of like a competition and you guys can decide who did a better job at the And I think I'm gonna win I think I'm going to I don't think so. But it's fine so we're gonna start off with some foundation it's cold definitely cold Oh it looks like your color Why is it blending better than my own foundation? We is it getting blended although I don't want to put too much on because when I do Jaycees makeup I make it so key. Yeah, honestly I feel like a cake after you do it, so we're gonna still keep it like unnatural luck. I guess you're gonna do the nose right? No, yeah, that's like your part. It's literally in the middle. I'll do the chin and you didn't notice what I literally just said I'm gonna do the chin and cheek kind of just went for it. Okay, I guess I'll just do the line on the nose. When we finished the foundation. That's probably the easiest part. You can't even see like a difference probably not For concealer. Oh, honestly, I think you need to do both sides. No, I'm not gonna concealers. Can you please Please do my second Whoa, nevermind. She's spending so much on that's not even like you just put it under your I don't put a lot of concealer on at all but like I don't want to put a lot on I just want to die. Does anyone else do that? You know? No, Casey's better at blending and you don't like you're taking it on? I know nearly cake. I don't know really how it feels. Okay, now we're going to use setting powder. I'll go first this time you got to get a lot on because it sets the foundation and concealer don't you? Wait, we're supposed to do a bronzer contour now. Yes, contrary before powder Honestly, I'm not sure which one goes first, but we're gonna do it this way. Just Yeah, I think I just put so much powder on this brush. So stop. That's way too much. What do I do? I can't get it off. She can like hit it. Yeah, CAKE CAKE CAKE. Oh, that's so high. shine like it really just like is cool. Okay, it took it makes her case Matt I guess it's good. Oh, I want to do my makeup now I never really do it like this where I put like you know powder over the foundation. I don't even wear foundation to school. Do you know I wear like nothing to school Yeah, cuz I just want to be comfortable and not have my makeup come off at school you know, right don't wear a lot of makeup anyway. No, no. I really like contour. I'm just horrible at it. Like I'm gonna take you know, tips from Casey and try and like learn how to take this color. hair. How much are you putting on a little bit? I'm learning. Oh, she's really going for it. Like you find the cheekbone is anyway. You know, the problem though is I'm on this side. So it's gonna be like this, whereas you can just go you know, it's Smell oh no I smell that your forehead is dark on one side and another side is like wow we can tell that and I'm not notching yours I want to do it in a more natural look. You have to match it when you see it What did you do you like me to line upwards like why I thought you like outline upside didn't I do a good job? Wow I literally think I'm doing good. Here's JC side. Oh, there's nothing here cheesy side. There's nothing there's nothing there. What do you mean I definitely made her look like she just got a tan. We're gonna use blush. Now I'm going to use the shade exposed because I feel like it's close to the contour color. I really want to use this brush for the blush. I've seen it in videos, stab God where I put a lot of blush. I don't want to use the same color as her. I really like the color she chose. Excuse me. So different colors for different Inside oh my goodness so much comes off in like one dab Why are you using a fan brush you're literally crazy I'm just brushing it off no uses a fan brush when when do you not use a fan brush like I use it on everything looks so wrong oh my gosh Am I doing again? Perfect you're putting in her highlight final use what you used I don't think this is a really definite like was she don't even tell wow okay so blushes done bronzer Stein contour JC Oh my site is looking more natural in yours basically I don't have enough makeup on. Next are the dye brows. Yes. And I'm gonna use this tart Brown. I'm not using that I'm using this wet and wild ultimate brow retractable brow pencil. So it has this like end on it where you can rush the hairs Then so so it is mine but this is what has the color oh but this side has an actual like pencil okay there goes the cap so I'm gonna brush the eyebrows hey I'm on the awkward side you're not it's like your eyebrows are already so dark so this is not really helping if brows are kind of looking sharp a little sharp oh they look so dark now and Cora Davina everyone thinks her mom looks like Carla del v Do you see it? I don't know I see it looks like the dark eyebrows but like she doesn't have the dark eye shadow on media should do that maybe so you can see the difference. I think I shot it was nuts. Oh yeah, I know it's not so this is the part we're going to be using from tart and I got this ready crush crush mesh Christmas and there's so many different colors in it to choose from I kind of want to do like a red theme we're gonna put on primer now for her I I want to skip that but I guess I can No, how is the eyesight I'm going to stick I'm just brushing on the primer. I'm not using any. I basically never used this palette. I always use this palette. I'm going to start with this color. I'm going to start with paradise paradise the pretty color. Oh, this is so dark. I'm gonna start in a corner and then go out with your sisters. You do it however you want to. I really want to get good at like eyeshadow. You know? Casey is pretty talented on it. I mean, I guess I think Yeah, but not really. I wouldn't know what to do. Yeah, it's really hard. And she's like getting onto your iPhone. I think hey, it must feel like I'm just like stabbing finger poking. You can't feel it all the way. Right? Because it's going to the lid first. And then yeah, I don't know how to blend. Like there's some really don't I don't know what I'm doing. You know, like sometimes it'd be like that. I'm really proud of you. Good Casey yes very nice look good I can't I think my side actually looks good. Oh my side looks better Yes it does. So here is the eye shadow look right arrow mine is kind of dark I added black I was just experimenting and this is what it looks like which was better I think mine does my no I definitely mine because I made it a little more natural than you did yours is more salt glam all the way hers was more smoky mine is more peace natural. Okay, Nexus eyeliner I'm gonna do a really quick liner. I'm not going to add a wink because that's too green. I would preferred if case you do my side so we might just shoot here, right? No, okay. She's not gonna do it for me. Nevermind guys. Basically Casey side is very thick. Just watch the expert I was trying to get on or what do I do? Scary draw liner. Did I do a better job than Casey? Oh? Because I messed up okay, it is a thinner line and it definitely looks better. So I think I won the eyeliner. No. So there's kind of a black line didn't show up and drying it wasn't dry but it's okay. It's fine when I think about makeup sorry. Okay, so this is my I am did a pretty good job on the spin eyeliner. And I think I won this round. So next step is mascara. And we're gonna have her do her mascara just because it's a little like, I don't care. You're anti fun. I put myself in the eye. Oh, yeah, no, I mean, basically what I do every day before school. We have finished the ice and I'm really happy about it. So here's the mascara, not much different. It's darker and now I was doing and now we are gonna do highlighter. It smells so good. It's like the smell good. Yeah, their products all smell very good. like chocolate wow shouldn't even dog knows she just put on making me sneeze well, breathing no yeah, I'm sorry. Okay. So good. The highlight is finished so we're going to showcase you said first oh no your side. Oh no I see it I definitely see it and the nose the nose they see it. Yes definitely you can see my right guys you can see mine I think the nose you can definitely see too because it's very highlighted. I could smell it last step lip gloss of yours Cheers. Oh well. I already opened yet I was prepared. I'm gonna be using this lighter pink. I did a dark eye shadow so I want to do a light gloss. This gloss is not even showing up as a color. I know it's just glossy. It's literally the same gloss kitale your hand You can tell there's two different ones that are weird. You can tell this looks off style, so they sell different colors, but really it's the same thing. Hey, good. Okay, so I think we are finished with her makeup. I just finished. Okay, so we're gonna show her what she looks like with makeup. She hasn't earned this much makeup since like high school. This much makeup on. Okay. Okay, ready? Here's the reveal. Wow. looks a little different. Yeah. Do you like it? Yeah, it looks good. I can't tell the difference though. He did a better job. Yeah, they probably can't tell unless you like look down. I don't know you both did a really good one. I think I want people. Yeah, go away. Come closer to the camera. I think that I look more like my mom. Yeah, I'm just adopted. No, sorry. Here's the finished luck. I think she looks like Now Yeah, you do look like her. Twins, triplets. A lot of people think that our moms are triplets But first of all, we are new in twins and she's our mom. So it's kind of funny when we hear that I know everyone thinks you look so alike. Yeah, I really think my side of the face turned out much better. I think mind and I both did. Whoa. Hey, so it's up to you guys to decide a winner and we want to know what you think so please vote up in the polls. Who do you think did a better job JC or Casey also if comments are still disabled on this video, please let us know on her Instagram at JC and Casey. What do you prefer wearing makeup or unnatural look without makeup? I think both for us definitely both I need some days. I really just want to wear makeup others who just like don't want to wear makeup. Yeah, and our mom is more natural and does not wear makeup. We hope you enjoyed this video and if you liked it, please give it a big thumbs up and please share with your family and your friends. recharge channel or haven't subscribed yet please subscribe because we'd love for you to join our beach family. Thank you so much for watching and we'll see you next time. We love you so much. Bye. Bye wait ready mom hits Oh, it's not ready no hit the bow. 

