Hello friends and welcome to another video this week I'm going to be getting a custom black wedding dress y'all can stop tweeting me now it's happening now as some of you might know, I am engaged the trolls off y'all affianced, and a few months ago we went shopping for my wedding dress and we ended up picking out a really amazing gown with some pretty epic medieval sleeves. Look at that sleeve tie with a couple of details still left up in the air like the fabric and the final fit, but we said sure, to the frock. I really love it. I really, really, really like it. And that dress is still going to be my wedding dress. But for a while I've been teasing the idea of doing a white swan Black Swan moment and having a second dress that I can change into for the party portion of the evening. So that is what we're going to be working on now. The Oh deal dress If you will, or the Mila Kunis one unless you think she's just a figment of Natalie Portland's imagination, that movie came out in 2010. I don't know why I'm still talking about it. Now the first questions some of you may be asking is why do you want a black wedding dress at all? Well, I wear a lot of black. It started off as like a theater kid is stagehand thing. Yes, I was a theater kid, no one is surprised and that predilection has now taken over my life and closet entirely. So a black wedding dress is definitely in my wheelhouse. In fact, some of you were surprised when I chose a white dress at all. Now my line of thinking this whole time has been like if there's one occasion in my life to wear a white gown, this is it. And I really love the Juliet dress that we chose, as well as the fabric we ended up picking out for it. However unintentionally, the fabric we settled on is gonna end up being pretty heavy and a bit fragile. And for some insider info Tyler and I are Planning a somewhat intricate choreographed first dance. So I pretty much definitely need some kind of second dress to Boogie in. So I thought why not a black one? The second question you guys may have is why custom Now there are a lot of black gowns like out there in the world. But when it comes to choosing a second wedding dress, I kind of want something that would both compliment the first dress stylistically, but also not upstage it or downstage it too much. So kind of a tall order. But thankfully through our shopping process for our first dress, we were able to meet the designer of it, Stephanie white of odle in the ceremony, and when she heard I was looking for a black wedding dress to compliment our Juliet gown. She was intrigued, and she thought it could be really fun to work on something custom together. So I said yes to working on a custom dress, and thus began our journey. So to start off, we hopped on an initial FaceTime call with Stephanie to kind of gameplay All right. Hi, Stephanie. How are you? Good. How are you doing, dude? Okay, we pulled an all nighter last night. So we're like a little crazed right now. Okay, so leading up to this call, I had started pinning stuff to a shared Pinterest board as well as sharing Stephanie on our general wedding one just so she could get a feel for the vibe we were going for. Now our general wedding theme has kind of evolved a little bit initially I was describing it as A Midsummer Night's Dream in autumn with kind of like Christmas lights and exposed brick but it's sort of grown into more of a starry night concept as we've added a lot of decor with Moravian stars moons and twinkly accents. I've like pinned a bunch of like celestial patterned fabrics. I don't know if there's like that possibility out there. So most of the dresses I was gravitating towards were more on the whimsical side with like beading or shear layers, you know, just things that had some ethereal ness to them. Yeah, I think you should definitely fit with the wedding gown. So it's not like whoa, where did this come from, you know, from another planet or something, but I think we'll keep it in the same vein, I know that you like the long sleeves. And I know that you like the flare, but we can maybe like minimize it a little bit. There's also a fair amount of these sleeves that are like almost like the opposite of a bell where they're almost like they're poofy. And then they cinch at the wrist early. So those are super cool also. So I'm open to like any kind of interesting sleeve. Really, I love sleeves, like sleeves are just the theme. So with some of my ideas out of my head and onto Pinterest, the next question was how we were going to turn those pins into a dress. What is our plan of attack? The plan is I'm going to go to Pinterest for it and to sort of see what makes sense and then I think that we can start to sketch so our next meeting would be in person to see some of these sketched out silhouette options that Stephanie had cooked up from our conversation and then choose one of them. That sounds perfect. So I will see you next week. Yes. All right. See you soon. Bye. Now joining us for our sketch reviewing session was Christie Baird, who some of you may remember as the owner of low hoe bride who helped us pick out our first dress and was also the one who linked us up with Stephanie in the first place and we were all going to be taking a gander at three different silhouette options. So here is look one which we talked about sleeves because we know your sleeve girl Yeah, I am. I'm a sleeve lady. Look. One is a generally fitted silhouette that hugs the abdomen and then starts to flare out below the hip with sheer poofy sleeves and a plunging deep V at the cleave point to plunging something like classy. Chocolate Shroff or Chester Yes. Look to somewhat similar to look one in that the sleeves are also shear and voluminous and cinched at the bottom I feel like both of them have this like cool like gathered nest which I really like as almost like a foil to like the open like Bell sleeve of the first look but instead of being fitted look to has some shearing at the waist to provide more of an A line skirt. It also has a deep v but it's covered by a high neck shear overlay. It's sort of similar to these looks that Stephanie's designed look three is very different from the other two. Wow, this one is giving you that whole princess fairytale vibe. Yeah, but then this design is off the shoulder with a notch neckline and an A line skirt. And there's that sleeve detail which is exactly the same length as the skirt and it opens out where your hands can peek out playing off of these dresses that I had pinned and also this one that I tried on way back when at low whoa and liked but didn't end up picking it would definitely give some drama like they definitely fly around a little bit for sure. And honestly after seeing them I thought that all three of these sketches were really awesome and did hit a lot of the things that I had initially been interested in. But I had to make a choice and right off the bat I had a couple of concerns with option number three specifically that it would not really solve our problem of needing a more practical dress for dancing purposes with both the off the shoulder being restrictive to my upper arm mobility a lot of my girls that do off the shoulder do it for ceremony because they want the photos and and then they sweat out of the off the shoulder. Yeah, the reception Not a lot of people going the other way, not as as well as the cape sleeve situation that I so loved potentially getting in the way like you might be like twirling through your own sleeve. That might happen regardless. But like, I feel like let's not make it harder for me. So we decided to next dress number three, which left us with options one and two. Now the differences between these sketches mainly come down to the neckline of which dress to use is quite high. I'm nervous about like this guy getting covered, right? Yeah, I don't know, not not getting covered, but I'm worried about like, we kind of know something well, I'm dancing to Yeah, Flipside Are you going to be warm with something up this high, and besides any potential double chinning the sheer overlay would also obscure the deep V, which I actually thought could be a good idea to highlight because it would mirror the neckline of my other dress. So we'd have that kind of continuity going. I don't mind the DP. I'll just get my chest waxed. Now between the two skirt silhouettes. I usually favor more flowy ones but I was actually surprisingly drawn to the more snug style. I think having a nice like booty moments, especially if you're dancing. No. I'm down for that. I could be open to a booty moment. audience could absolutely you see the booty hump and then you see the little squiggle. So between these two, which one feels like the front runner, so all things considered, I would say that style number one has that practicality for dancing with some dramatic flair without things flying around. So it seemed like the perfect choice. Weirdly, I can't say I like knew that this dress existed, but I feel like this was kind of in my head. So we decided to go with that one. Amazing. Okay, this is good. I'm excited. And the next step after choosing our silhouette was to have Stephanie's pattern maker whip up a Muslim version of our dress for me to actually try on. Alright, so we are here back again at low hope bride and today we're going to be meeting up with Stephanie and her pattern maker Rita to take a little sneak peek at the Muslim of the black reception dress. Now a Muslim is essentially like a prototype version of a dress that you can use to finalize the pattern before you make it in the final fabric. Can't wait to get into it. So I popped into the dressing room to see how it was looking. Very dramatic ready? I think it's great. Oh, yeah. Good. Yeah. It really exactly where you are. For just a rough draft. I honestly thought the dress looked pretty spooktacular The color is perfect. Obviously the shade, the shade. Yes, it's not a color. I've been told. And I think a lot of the details that we had focused on in the sketch are looking good IRL. I like this shape. And I love the shear sleeves and the V Yes, I like a lot of it. Yeah, I'm so happy about that. But yeah, I like a lot of things to Stephanie and Rita had some standard Fit Alterations they wanted to make you feel rock'n'roll. Definitely, yeah, a little so they picked me up in a variety of locations. This is your Apex point. This is my Apex apex, the peak of the mountain For my part, I only felt like we needed to make small tinkerers to the silhouette like making the waistband more narrow and maybe exaggerating the sleeves slightly I feel like if we could try and get like a little more height in the shoulder and like a little more sharing, like near the wristband, that would be perfect, especially on the topic a little right. Dramatic blow everyone's had more drama. So I told them to really go for it in terms of sleeve poof Enos Yeah, and I think when we fit it again and we need to reduce it easier. See it? Yeah, totally. And then reduce Yeah, go big and then go home. The other thing that we needed to adjust was the length of the skirt. I wanted to make sure that we couldn't see too much of my shoes from underneath the dress so I'm wearing like straight up like a jazz shoes like for like dancing purposes. But at the moment, there was a beautiful full full on train behind me and unfortunately, I think it had to go for the sake Our Tango I mean, you want to go like floor length all the way around. Yeah, I don't think we can have any train otherwise I think I'm gonna trip on it. Okay, yeah or he's gonna trip on it. So you're someone's gonna trip on it. But besides those tweaks we were fired up for our frock awesome. Yes. Oh good. I feel good. I feel like you feel good. I like it. Yeah, faces like lighting up. I don't just like it. I love it. And with our final silhouette within reach, it was time to pick our fabric spirit fingers. Now, originally it Stephanie had thought that something like a black velvet could be good for our gown and she had actually found a couple of swatches of different velvets that she showed us on our sketch reviewing day. I keep petting this one. I feel like these skills are gonna get petted. I know I'll just keep petting myself how to spend my wedding touching myself with however, we had already chosen a velvet tuxedo jacket for Tyler's wedding outfit. And that's I was kind of nervous about clashing so we took her swatches to Tyler's tux place to compare and none of them really matched. Maybe we shouldn't do velvet for you. Yeah, I feel like unless it matches perfectly it's not going to make sense. Yeah, y'all should be moving a lot in that second dress. Yeah. But you're gonna sweat everywhere. I'm already sweating right now. Can you see it on my head? No, I can. Endless and with velvet more or less mixed. Stephanie suggested that we all go fabric shopping together so we could see a lot of different black fabric options in one go and then make our choice. So we met up one afternoon with two fabric stores on our itinerary rag finders and mood. All right, so we are here at rag finders in downtown LA ready to search for some fabric for our dress. Basically, rag finders is like a deadstock fabric Emporium, which means that all of these fabrics are like no longer in production. They've ended up here and they will not be making any more of them. I swear. I have dress from Urban Outfitters from this fabric. This could be that fabric. So if you find something that you like, grab it and run well pay first but yes, rabbit pay and then run. So I'm going to be meeting Stephanie here as well as Sarah who works at rag finders who's going to be helping us explore adventure quest. They've disappeared. Make all right, navigate. Navigate is a good word. Listen, she's gonna be helping us navigate this place. I can hear them on the on the mic. She said Did we lose them? A little bit a little bit because it's large and labyrinthine. It could be pins. I don't know. You could see me holding my eyeballs in my hands. I don't know. In all seriousness though, what rag finder is is super cool and there are a lot of hidden gems there. Look at this blue camo print. It could make you a pair of joggers out of that you look like one of the Cheetah Girls and we decided to start our expedition in the lace room upstairs through a crevice in terms of laces we were looking for something with a semi Gothic vibe without looking to table Coffee or to floral. You got to do this with all the fabrics so I can kind of see them. You can just cocoon me inside of them. So cobwebs were in. I like it because it's kind of spiderweb II and it's pretty geometric which I also like a lot. It's kind of wicked. I like that. But fruits were out. I don't love the pineapple type situation. Yeah, you're right. And it does look like a pineapple. pineapples just make me think of Fibonacci numbers, which makes me think of sixth grade math. And Stephanie also wanted a fabric with some heft to it. No, I don't like Yeah, no, I don't think so. It's not thick enough for me. It's not giving me the beefy vibe. We need. We need a beefy fabric here. needed beefy back. Where's the beef? And after pulling a fair amount of fabric rolls out of the depths, I don't know how to get in there. There we go. I'm super useful. Like delivering a baby and then having to put them back where we found them. I'm like jousting, put them up tie. I'm jousting with you. Yeah, we gathered a few possible lease options and then decided Head over to another part of the store. Alright, let's wait a second and squeeze it so good a metaphor for putting on space but on our way over there Sarah did spot one last lace one last gallop at your knees. Oh now our first dress Fabric is a beaded scallop pattern with ever so slight Art Deco vibes, so I had kind of been keeping half an eye out for scallop patterns in the lace room. Wait, this one's actually awesome. This one's kind of really awesome. This is really awesome. So Sarah had done good good find you know how to look at things. There is the bane of fabric store. I was born and the fabric store. Unfortunately though, once we pulled it out we realized it was too narrow of a bolt to actually cover my body. So it was a no go but maybe we can like take a little for inspo or something. Yeah, still on the hunt. We headed downstairs past more mountains of fabric. Good I have a shirt made out of this. So that was like Tyler to the Jakarta area to try and see if we could find anything sparkly or patterned with kind of a celestial vibe or Thai look. It's hollow. We did end up finding one shimmery metallic fabric. That could have been an option but none of us were really feeling it. I think it's not right. Okay, there we go. I don't think so. That's why we do it. And without finding a clear front runner. We could also go with the firetruck. Here, you know, it'd be interesting. I mean, it would be red hot. Stephanie exited. They're just like, Oh, we decided to say our free to saying to rag finders and head over to our second destination mood of Project Runway fame. I'm trying to remember all the things that Tim Gunn says I don't know if he just says let's go to mood. Yeah, right. Alright, time to go to mood. Thank you mood. Yes. Now beyond that mood is more of a standard fabric store with Just a wide range of options. This one's kind of funny, not for the dress, but just in life. And so we inevitably found a lot of things that were not going to work like Shaggy, delicious shag delicious. With interesting patterns, is it like vaguely animal print esque? the subtlest difference, as well as textures. Oh, there's feathers over here. But there's a lot of feathers over here. But something that mood did have a fair amount of was good sparkly options. Oh, wow, that's really nice. Actually. Now I was down for some sparkle. But we did have to be careful with beading because we didn't want anything that could snag in a dancing situation. Especially during this move. The buns are rolling where Tyler spins me around on the ground. I think would you do your butt's rolling? I think it'd be busted everywhere. And though we did end up finding a couple of good options. It's kind of cool. Yeah, I don't foresee these falling off. Stephanie had to secretly found a treasure in the corner that she was eager to show me Yeah. Ready, get ready, get ready. I don't know if this is right, but like, I got a little excited just Oh yeah. Which was a sheer black fabric with embroidered stars. Oh, wow. It's pretty awesome. It's pretty awesome, right? That is pretty nice. And though I had kind of given up hope of finding a celestial patterned fabric like this, it was one of the things that was all over my initial Pinterest board. And they're not like stars where they're like, oh, they're stars are a little abstract. He stars you know, it was very different from all of the other options that we had considered. This is really good, but it was light seemed easy to dance in and would match so many other elements of our wedding that it really felt like a winner. I mean, kind of like out of all the stuff that we've chosen. This is definitely you. Yeah, I think so too. I think this could be the one honestly I think that's also like the first time I've like felt that way and haven't checked out. So many different fabrics from velvets to pineapples to fire trucks, it felt kind of surreal to finally find something we liked so much. All right, you had a pretty awesome. Listen to the stars. Is that same kind of thing? No. I don't think so we decided to go with this one. I guess that was a resounding Thank you mood. Thank you. And with our material and our silhouette chosen, it was time to put the whole thing together and do a fitting in our final fabric ready? Yes. Okay. Thank you all. radically black wedding dress. Let's do it. Well, that was dramatic. This God and right away. We were pretty pumped with how it was looking. I love it. I love it. It looks amazing. I'm excited about it and with how it was twirling Wait, are you ready for this? I didn't realize I can do this now. Well, I didn't know you could do that. Either one did one more time. Yeah. You weren't ready for that. No, I was ready, but I want to see it again. Okay, I was ready. You know, there are a couple of things in this more final version that are kind of new to the design. Oh, wow. first of which is the sleeves which originally were going to be made out of a plain black organza but after Stephanie went home with our story fabric and kind of hung out with it for a second, she suggested that we instead do the sleeve in our fabric just online. I think it was a great decision to do the sleeves in the same fabric as yes agrees and you can see them all on my arm. We also slightly changed the opacity of the bodice to feature our stars more prominently, which actually nicely matches the sheerness of the first dress as well. And what's really pretty too is the back. Oh, look at this little cluster over here. You got a milky way right there. So besides those changes, I was also quite pleased with the added volume in the shoulder area who gets poof, also we went. Yeah, as well as the snugness. On my behind there is a little bit of a booty moment. Yeah, sorry, just like I pan right here, but pan, zoom, zoom to your booty. Um, but it wasn't so snug that we couldn't still Boogie a little. The thing is, is that it's like really light and comfortable. So I can totally see myself dancing around. Yes, definitely. Let's get your butts rolling, right. All the buttons are rolling. But it's okay. What's rolling? sounds better. All of the details aside, though. I think this dress was without question. Just 100% of the right dress. I feel like this is so you and you know, and basically, we nailed it. And I think we were all really happy with it completely. It's an extension of the main gown and I just think it's stunning. Yeah, me too. Now, as you guys could probably tell over the course of this Vidyo this dress making process took quite a while and frankly between this dress and our first dress, we've been working with Stephanie and Christie and all of their partners basically all year. It's been such a great experience to get to know them and work with them and I'm so grateful that they were willing to let me be so involved in the design process from the initial sketches to the dungeons of rag finders, you guys are full Gollum right now literally finding the Ring of Power in the darkness. I'm super excited for both of the dresses that we've made together and I can't wait to show them to you guys in the next episode. So let's get our butts rolling and get married. Thank you so much for watching and once again a huge thank you to Stephanie for making this beautiful dress. I am so excited to see how it performs with me while we dance. If you liked that video, make sure to smash that like button and if you want to see more videos like this, make sure to share mash that subscribe button a big shout out to some dl Pac Man, thanks for watching the sun the alpaca man and I will see you guys next time 

