compliments when you get one you feel amazing like an emotional little knuckle bump kind of like when you drop me one of those in if you want to make me feel good that would that that would help. Anyway for me the amount of compliments that I started to receive when I started wearing created Ventus was ridiculous and this was the first time I realized the power of a fragrance you smell amazing. It gives you an unfair competitive advantage. But on the flip side, if you smell bad, it also could interfere with you accomplishing and kicking life's ass. And so today in an attempt to help you smell even better, I'm going over 10 fragrance mistakes most men make first mistake that most men make is not actually wearing a fragrance. I have heard from so many dudes that are like no I don't I don't I don't wear a cologne. I don't wear fragrance. Gentlemen, here's the deal if you want to single handedly Take your sexiness from a six to a 12.75 give yourself a little juice before you leave the house wearing a fragrance that you love guys, it's like a spritz of confidence mixed with a dash of sexiness so few tips to find a signature scent. Alright I would not recommend you just going in blind to a department store a fragrance store that sells like a ton of fragrances or colognes and just start smelling instead what I would do is actually look for a recommendation do your research and then make a list of four or five fragrances that you're interested in trying and then go in and only smell those four or five fragrances or you could ask for a recommendation when you go in so you go to the sales associate and ask them say what's popular this year what's new, and have them help you identify and find a scent and I used to only wear created Ventus The problem with this fragrance is that it's super expensive. Recently I came out with my own fragrance at Pete and Pedro called rebel. It is modeled after created Ventus is not an identical copy, but it is definitely inspired. I wanted to make her fragrance that I loved that smelled similar to creed. That wasn't going to cost like 300 bucks This is under 50 and it is amazing guys if you want to check out rebel I'll link to it down below along with the discount code go and read the reviews. People are loving this fragrance another fragrance that I'm super excited about is this it is the final version of the newest addition to the Pete and Pedro fragrance family It is called hero it is not live yet but if you hit that link down below guys, you can go and sign up to be notified this stuff is ridiculous. It is light it is fresh, it is sexy guys, I will link to hero down below now it is not live yet but it will be very soon so depending on when you're watching it you may or may not be able to read the reviews but I'm assuming the reviews are going to be epic. Speaking of epic, are you making this epic mistake storing your fragrance out in the open in your bathroom for two reasons why keeping your fragrance on your counter in your bathroom is a horrible idea. The first reason is because it gets hot. Do you want to make sure that your fragrance stays at room temperature it's all about making sure that the fragrance and the oils in those fragrances don't get heated up and in the bathroom the shower hot. The other reason why you don't want to store your fragrance out in an area that gets a lot of sun is because the light also damages the fragrance keep it somewhere dark and keep it somewhere cool. What I recommend is in a closet in a drawer in a cabinet number three not applying your fragrance and for the shower post shower application is the best time to apply your signature scent and the reason is because after the shower, your pores are open, right and this is the ideal time in order to have that fragrance actually draw into your skin and actually hang out there and if you apply it to the appropriate pulse points. This is ensuring a better projection before using scented body lotions. So if you're looking to maximize the effectiveness of your fragrance guys, you don't want to apply it to dry skin which means you should apply a moisturizer but you got to make sure that the body lotion or moisturizer that you're using does not have a friend grunts you need to look for fragrance free or unscented and the reason it kind of makes sense, right? Because if you want to smell like unadulterated pure creed, or Polo or rebel or whatever your signature scent is, you don't want to layer it on top of mountain ocean for truly lavender. The fifth mistake that most guys make is in proper application. The missed gentlemen, at this point, you should know that the missed application technique is a no go in terms of proper application gentlemen, it boils down to the pulse points. Here's a great example of where your pulse points are on your body. All right, you're looking for the hot areas the areas in red are going to project your cologne better because of the blood flow. areas in yellow are good, not as good as red and green. Not so great blue band pulse boards are where the blood is like flowing in the more blood flow that an area has the more heated up it's going to get and the more that fragrance is going to be projected right. Something else I want you to do when you're applying. Don't hold the fragrance too far away. Three to six inches max. All right now for me what post points I go with I got one on this side of my neck, one on this and then one on and the wrist but the wrist is the post point that causes some issues and it's actually the sixth mistake guys like to rub in order to distribute. It's not a rub. It's a pat if you want to distribute from one to the past, the reason that rubbing is bad is because you don't want that fragrance to actually absorb into your skin right? You want it to sit on top. That's how you're going to get the best projection and when you rub you're helping it dive deep number seven no gentlemen never apply your signature center fragrance directly to your clothing and the reason so is the stuff in fragrances that make it smell amazing. Their oils and these oils can stain and so if you're like Yo I'm just going to kick it on my leather jacket your leather jacket, although amazing is going to get little drops of oily nastiness the eighth mistake that most men made is trying to take their regular size fragrance with them when they travel, they'll just toss it in their dopp kit. This is a horrible idea and there are a few reasons why it can leak and it can break and this is a lot of liquids. So if this spills in your bag, everything is going to stink, it's going to be too much it's going to be overpowering. I've also lost a pair of leather double monks, when a bottle of my cologne actually broke in my bag, it got on the shoes, it totally discolored them and I had to throw them out. Instead, a much better alternative is to get something like this little travel sprayer by Pete and Pedro. They sell them in different places, but the way that it works, all right, all you do, you pop off the top of your regular fragrance and then underneath there's this little like nozzle right? You just put it on there, you pump it up, it fills up the little reservoir in the travel sprayer and then pop this in your dopp kit, your grooming bag or your briefcase and then when you're ready, it's got a little sprayer bingo bang go it allows you to smell incredible on the go guys. If you want to check this out. I will link to it down below that mistake that most guys make Make what I call fragrant stagnation which means that you wear the same cologne for years but I get it right you get one compliment wearing a fragrance and it's like that's it game over this is what I want to wear for the rest of my life but the truth is that modern stylish gentlemen switch it up they have different options now even though I love rebel, I still have other fragrances in my arsenal I would recommend three fragrances and rotate them right maybe you've got one that you wear in the spring one that you wear in the winter maybe you just wear one at night guys fragrances are amazing. There's so many incredible ones out there. I would hate for you to get stuck on one like I do. I think of fragrances like food even though I love pizza. It's my favorite like I could eat pizza like every meal every day. I don't and the reason is because I don't want to get fat gentlemen don't get fragrance fat and last but certainly not least the 10th mistake that I've made at this point in the video is wearing too much break. I stink literally, I stink. I probably have like 27 squirts Rebel on an even though it smells amazing and it smells incredible on you. You shouldn't wear too much overpowering fragrances body washes or colognes are just as offensive as bad Bo or breath and I know I gotta go change clothes and shower bye bye 

