What are we winning? On? colourpop.com every single item on colourpop.com has low guys it's me Nikki today I am not alone thank God because I am joined by the one and only Becky G. God we've been working on this to make this happen for literally a decade. It feels like definitely a decade and I'm so excited that you're here I know I'm excited to meet. You have collaborated with Colour Pop on this amazing palette right here. Yes, man out. Then Alex is called the sun via palette, which means savage in Spanish to be able to try adric Silva Hey, Silva. Hey, Hey, girl. That's gonna do it. Good. Oh my god, no accent No, nothing like Dora. Do you know how to say? Good job. Also, you're coming up with something new. No, no, yes. This is actually it's really This is like behind the scenes for me because it's actually the first time I get to see them. open them up, like legit legit. It's her first time seeing a tear. Oh, so exciting. So this is auto here. This is like a gold Super Shock shadow. Then we have verano, which is like matching my outfit here. I got this one. This is easy, Elsa. And then we have this one, which is actually one of my favorites. It's called clo and it's like this like blue color but like has like a little bit of like a purpley iridescent. Yeah. And so today we're playing with all this fun new stuff while talking about glam talking about live having fun. So if you're excited, sit back, relax, grab your brushes, and let's paint. So let's start off with the base. I was actually gonna ask you for some advice. I got a facial yesterday, right? We got some situations going on here. Yeah, what do you do? Yeah, it's human. But what do you usually do? Do Like correct after or before I usually pound so much foundation on my face that you cannot see anything first we're priming I'm using Oh my god, do you know this? I do know it. I used it actually, I did the Spanglish version of a whole new world. I heard I heard and heard of like the glam that we did was like to have like very pretty glowy skin. So we actually used it like everywhere. Let's say it on like a rock. Oh, yeah. So first, just getting it on there with a brush. And then I'll get in speaking of a whole new world. Is Aladdin your favorite Disney movie? It definitely holds a very special place in my heart because obviously growing up as a Disney fan, Mm hmm. Um, I watched all of like the odd princess movies. And I think there was something really special about the cultural influence in Aladdin. Colors and music, the outfits and Then obviously once you see it in live action, you're like, Whoa, your mind there. I'm blown because obviously like as a kid, you see it in cartoon and you're like, this is pretty awesome. But then you see it in real life. And it really does. It becomes real. It becomes very real. Yeah, you have to see my home girl Miss Naomi Scott is Princess Jasmine. She plays Princess Jasmine. Yeah. I know there's a Dutch actor in it. He's the bad guy. Huh? Yeah, he's Dutch. Oh my goodness. Yes. Country represented were the bad guys in the movie. foundation. just bouncing this in with a brush is that the ultra fuzzy sponge. I want to buy it so bad. I have never used it before. This is my first I mean, I would have given you this one with this one is older crusty. So I'll find it unless you don't care. Okay, it's yours coming down. So first going in with the brush and then we'll Smooth with the sponge What do you really enjoy when doing your makeup? Is it like I say I would say all of it obviously like being in the industry for some time now you get your makeup done pretty often and you learn you know tips and tricks along the way and as time went by I just you know became very capable of doing my own makeup your boat your knowledge yeah and also like you know, budgets they're like oh you want to fly on makeup artists Yeah, no not gonna happen and you're like okay, well I want to look good on stage I want to look good doing press so what I started to do on the road on tour is do my own hair makeup and oh my god yeah girl but I've learned from really great teachers like my my go to makeup artists have really been masters Teach me Yeah. Oh, look at that. Yes, time for concealer. color pop which one is your favorite? So there's one, the medium one, I kind of like us to just do like the little spot areas. And then let me see the swan. I mix these two for under is like, and that sounds funny but like I'll do one line and then another line and like I'll go every other flick a lightsaber. So boom, boom. Nice. And we're done. Thank you so much for watching guys. So first I do the bottom. Get that nice and blurred out. And then we'll go right up underneath. I do come up with your own music videos, a lot of stories. Yeah, I feel like it's really important for me to be involved creatively because people are very smart, like very smart and they can tell when things are manufactured and not on authentic. You know, although it's a battle sometimes from a behind the scenes perspective with the business side of things I push as much as I can to make sure that the vision is never like sacrificed good. Yeah. What was one of your favorite music videos growing up? I have cancer. Oh, I have Britney Spears. Oh yeah changed my path of life. Oh black wig changed me. Yeah. Well all the Missy Elliott videos all the Missy Elliott videos were just so creative and like would take you to this world. Yep. And the dancing the choreography. Like I would dance battle my cousin's to Missy Elliott songs all day, every day. Yeah, and I would also say, hips don't lie by Shakira. When I when I saw that, as a little girl, I was like, Yes, my inner sexy goddess came rarely in life or beyond say, Oh, beautiful liar. I should have asked but I love powder. So I'm giving A lot of powder like there's no option thing. So onstage How do you make sure that the makeup stays on like what's what's a couple of secrets? Um, setting spray is super important but also I sweat in my hair more than I sweat on my face so I'm really I'm one of those lucky ones that like really rarely I have to touch up my makeup. Like I can be on stage for like 45 minutes straight and like I'll have like a natural glow, but my makeup won't be like dripping you know? I'm really lucky like it's all in it'll be all in my hair. I had it really short. I saw I kind of want to cut it again. Oh god. I know it sounds crazy. Well I have to like first like I want to like go like workout and stuff and then like feel like boom then cut it and it's like the final like stamp of like the new look but i don't know i also love like the long hair. Since this happened long hair. I look like because it at the airport like with this all the hair In the front cover me. Oh, do you see it or cuz? I was like your choice. Kill me. Now that's scary. Hey, oh fuck down. I didn't watch that movie because there's something about clowns and stuff that I just put your foot down. chili cheese. One time we were watching a scary movie on the plane because I just feel like the monsters can get you on the plane. You're going way too fast for them to fly. That's what I'm talking about it. I'm not gonna watch them anywhere. But one time me and my manager sure and we were on the plane we were watching like, oh, was it the nun? Oh, yeah. Alright, so I was fine. But no matter I just hear the biggest scream everybody automatically turned towards us like what's going on? And she was like, she has this like really loud laugh to like, like kind of like a witch laugh like it's really loud when it like comes out like he can't stop it. She screamed and then realized that she screamed really loud. So then she starts laughing. Have people in the back bathroom? Yeah, when her scream but then to her laugh It was amazing. I was watching Coco because it happened out forever, but I'd never seen him didn't know what it was about. So I sit there and I'm like, Oh, this is so cute. And then as the movie progresses, I'm like, I'm gonna cry. Yeah. And then out of nowhere, I'm like bawling but like not a little bit. The ugly. The flight attendant comes to me, she's like, Honey, are you okay? And I go. I've had a couple episodes on on planes before. But you know, you get through them. That's the important thing, man. All right. So bases done, bases done, brows are touched up and she is looking mighty fine. So let's play with Salva here. I still don't know what I'm doing color time. We're totally going to improv right now. So are you feeling gold? Hmm, would go with the look? Yeah. Let's just do gold. Paper like, go to shit scared to do blue today hon. I'm like, tempted. Yeah, so we're priming. Now tell me because you are very familiar with YouTube tell Yeah, I grew up in an era where I remember watching people like Bieber and artists like him doing covers before the fame before the big wave of like everyone's doing covers and so I was like, Well, you know, I had my little like MacBook and like photobooth on it and I just literally record covers on like my little photobooth app on my laptop. And then at 14 I kind of upgraded my swag a little bit. And I collab with these young kids who hadn't even graduated film school yet, right. And we recorded one of my first official covers, a song by Jay Z and Kanye West called It is and I don't even call it like low budget. I call it bro budget because we had no money. And I'm like 14, like with this crazy concept. And we're all just down for the cause I wrote to this really popular shooting location and I like called the poodle parlor. And a lot of very famous music videos have been filmed there. So we reached out to them and I had my cousin's as the extras, had them dress up like little hood lungs with all black. And we shot this music video in one take. And it was, I mean, to me one of the dopest coolest things, so it's still up. Yeah, yeah, you should check it out. This is actually like really crazy how I was like, I look back at it, and I'm like, I was only 14 and was always in there. And that video was the one that kind of changed the game for me gotten discovered. I got signed to a record label and then because of that, Mm hmm. What are you now 22 and when's your birthday March 2, since my birthday was Second time we get along so well, same day, same day. They know what time No. Oh, I was like, do you have the same one and we were born at the same time? Same moon, probably. I don't know. I haven't looked that deep into it. Maybe I should though. That will probably give me a lot of answers. And, Joan. Oh, no, too deep. Yeah. Okay, cuz at one point you become that person at a party that goes Oh, through Sagittarius tend to creating a nice spotlight smokey. I am and I'm turning up the drama Mama. So I'm just going in with the colors. No Spanish. She's gonna kill it. Do it. Do it. Got it. Got 50 thought, hey, nicer coffee. Yeah, okay. osito and, Lola. That's like my alter ego name. Oh, really? Yeah. When like Becky's, like really sad. And like, Oh, I'm sick and tired. Like I flipped the switch to Lola. And she's like the Boss bitch. That's like come on Becky get it together. Like in interviews when like Becky's, like backstage crying comes out in October. Yeah. Oh, you know? Yeah, that's so beautiful. Can people know that a lot? Um, I think in recent time, I've definitely opened up about my struggles with anxiety. Right? And it's obviously like a ongoing thing that takes a lot of work, and effort and especially when you feel like you're doing so many things for other people like something that was so sacred to you is now a job. So yeah, where do you find the balance? Where do you learn to say no, even though it's expected of you, maybe this is sacrificing my emotional or mental health or even physical health like, like my body literally, has been acting out in ways that it never has before. And it's because it's like, stop it. always comes back. Yeah. And so I used to think like, I'm not really good at just putting off my anxiety. And I was like, No, I'm not putting it off, I'm actually storing in a way for her to come back later. And so I think helping, what's been very helpful is opening up about that, because I realize like, I'm not the only one that goes through this. And I think it's important that people see even people who do what we do and live their life on, you know, some kind of platform. It's very easy to think that our lives are perfect, and that we have all the glitz and glam and the money and the fame and it's awesome. We have nothing to be sad about. But we're still human beings, you know, what they see? Yeah, well, it's filtered. You know, now in this growing, it's been a blessing and a curse growing up in this generation. It's been a blessing because it's allowed me the opportunity to explore the world and share my music with people who speak so many people different languages and lifts in so many different cultures and different places in the world, but at the same time, you're exposing yourself to the world, you know, at a percentage, it's a lot higher than the average person. Mm hmm. And that's also dangerous. You're putting yourself out there like that, and for people to judge and have certain comments on what it is that you choose to share. Yeah. So it's, it's been a learning curve for me. But I think one thing that I've learned is being authentic, being honest, like you, at the end of the day can sleep better at night, if you know you're that way. Like, I've never been one to love drama. Like I didn't go to high school. I was like homeschool. Mm hmm. And then I dropped out because I started working really young. Yeah. And I was like, my career is happening right now. Yeah. And as scary as it is to make a decision like this because I'm pro education like it actually it's really amazing. That, although school didn't really work out for me, because of my hard work, my siblings were able to attend better schools, right, and get better education. And that is their forte, and they're killing it. And it makes me so proud because now by the time my sister graduates, I'll have three to four months, because not all Frankie, Alex, Stephanie, and it makes me proud that like, you know, I was able to, like, live life, my path and be supported in that, like, it's not easy, I think, for anybody to come up with a decision like that at such a young age. Yeah. And then, you know, you're scared of what people are gonna say and what your parents are gonna think. But I was just like, I'm gonna do this. I'm committed and I'm not giving myself any other option than for this to work out. Like I'm really betting on myself. And the best education for what it is that I want to do is to live it to live life. You know, school made me feel really dumb. Like school made me feel really stupid and that was like, I think such a plus. of my childhood that still like makes me so awkward around like people my age because I never knew of it that's what I yeah. Oh my god the same Yeah, they really do unless like I have something in common which is like the industry or like creative passion like I hang out with like my normal cousins right and they're my family so I don't think about it but when their friends come around I'm like oh well you will preach in this is this is what happened so we added the auto yes to the center, sprinkled a little bit of Corona over it right here. And now we have this like spotlight smoky eye going on and I love it. So let's do a little bit of darkness on the bottom. So what is your most vivid makeup memory at a very young age? I would always play with my mom's makeup. Yeah, like It was like the Chola like era, where like very dark lip liners, very rich lipstick colors. And I'm super pro like do what makes you happy? What makes you feel like you're expressing yourself whether it's in the way you dress and the way you do your makeup. Male or female, like whatever it is that you choose to do if it's a true form of self expression, right, like do it and makeup was always one of those things for me since like very young. Although I look back on pictures. I'm like, Girl, that foundation didn't stop me. Why don't you beside me? Why did you put your eyebrows so much? I remember one time I got my bras and for the first time, and this lady was at least 72 years old. So that tells you enough, but my mom was like she's experienced. She got you and I'm back and I had like this one, you know? Oh, no, the little rainbow. I never cried so much. Watching Coco. It was not too Yeah, well Fortunately, I learned at a young enough age so they could back. Mine didn't. I would not be able to tell girlfriend because there's a lot of paint on here. I love the inner corner. Right. A little bit of Corona on the inner portion. Do you know what it means? It's beer. Right? Well, it's a type of beer but it also can mean crown. Oh, so this eye is shadow wise. Done. So I think now would be a great time to go off camera. Do the other I think Papa LaShawn we went glam honey. Be right back. Look at that. I am living for this look right now. So as I'm bronzing I just shared with Becky that I am like, I got invited to a really fun opportunity where I can be a voice actress. And I was like, have you ever done that before? And then she said no. But well, it's always been like a dream of mine to like, create really crazy characters. So I have like these different like little voices that I do. Like we got Susie's those is just like a really interesting person. She just talks like, about everything but like, just doesn't stop and it gets really annoying. Then we have met a bit before so sometimes when I really want something, I just talk like this and then I hope nobody gives it to me whatever. Oh my god, what do you Why are you getting it all that one works with it usually has to do with food. Right? You're really and he like, leaves a very healthy lifestyle and like it's been a good inspiration to me, but like, Oh no, like I just love food. Like I'll eat everything and anything and so when I'm around him, please like can I please up the Nutella crepe. And like if I do the baby voice I'll get it and it's great. And blush. I used to not be a fan of blush, but it really does. It's vital. Yeah, it's kind of came out of my toes. I'm like it's vital. The baby voice we're highlighting with schnoz. My favorite are using cheese myth in the sidebar headline. What she said? Cheese man means like the cheese mess like the gossip. Like, Oh, girl tell me the cheese man. I was like mozzarella sticks. This is a good highlighter girl. Look at that. She's beaming. Are we getting this on camera? are we are we getting Yes. Oh, what is it like for you? So as a musician, with a great passion for makeup? How do you make your selection for me? It's really important to be a fan of the brand. I wanted people to also take me seriously as somebody who does is educated on makeup, you know, not just someone who's like taking a check and then like, here's my face. I'm selling this and it's really product like I have always loved Colour Pop and I've always loved that it's really affordable and it's great quality like the quality of the makeup is not sacrificed whatsoever most of it almost all of it is like made to order so it's fresh it's for the fans it gets to them so quickly and sorry time for the final piece going to do a little bit of overlining saw that you like that huh? Time for the tops. So these are like super new new as you can see like there's literally like the descriptions of the colors on the packaging. Yep, yep, you saw it here first. So I'm first I saw your first wait. I literally I like was like cuz I can I know the formulas like by like memory. Um, but color wise I've been on the road so like my mom is like sending me swatches and she's like, what font this color I'm like, Yes, that one and that one and that one. That's how we've been doing this guys. We've just been whipping up like I get ideas. I call up like ColourPop fam. Like we love it. Let's release it tomorrow. I'm like, cool. Okay, so we're popping the darker shade on the outer corners. So I'm just gonna like smudge in here as well. Little bit and then you've on smack for me baby. I went outside. That's okay. That's okay. That That ain't a problem. Oh my god, the amount of times that like a juggalo makeup in a rush at the very last minute. It looks good. And then you go in back, you go back and like, like the mascara thing that happens and you're like it's okay. Let it dry. I'll scrape it off. You know, we have the medium shade, which is called we don't know yet. Maybe your mo so. Yeah. Okay, moving on. Oh, girl B manje This is a new dream okay and then the beautiful shimmering shade which is called Shimano so I might name it that on the center she's right here over that edge to give her that. Oh my god. Oh jackpot honey, time to set you and never forget a little heavier jewel. jewels are important. Oh my god that's it I need one of these in my kit I have like actual fan keep it walking away with a lot of gifts. Speaking of good we've got some gifts for your fiance All right guys. So that is the completed look on Becky g using her color pup collection and I am so impressed and We mentioned a little bit of a giveaway. So before we the voice of pardon, none the night before we get to this literally crazy giveaway instead of the Dutch word of the day. Today we're going to teach you the Spanish word of the day. Do we have a word yet? Yeah. Okay. Tell us I think we will be inspired by the New Super Shock shadows. And the name that started at all Mm hmm. Which was clo is gonna be the Spanish word of the day. clo Yeah, we're just guy. So what you have to do to enter this giveaway? Don't worry, the price is coming. What you have to do be subscribed to my channel. Leave a comment down below featuring clo Spanish word of the day. Follow ColourPop and Becca g on Instagram. And if you do all of this ColourPop What are we winning on colourpop.com every single item on colourpop.com that's a lot that's a big box a big box might be multiple I'm not paying for that shipping these just good luck The winner will be announced somewhere soon in like a week or two. And that brings me to the end of this video. I always leave my guests with a little gift from Holland. So here you go. A typical Dutch treat went open it now you can open it if you want I don't like waiting for just so every time you look into this you I'm with you for a little bit it's a Holland compact kilgray right. So that's it guys. Thank you so much for watching. If you enjoyed watching, don't forget to give this video a big thumbs up. And thank you for being here. Thank you. I had so much fun. She's such an inspiration. I can't 

