You guys welcome back a cheat day Jared has reunited to die halen well met. Is that a Game of Thrones? Well, it's a renaissance he sort of reference and seemed, you know, fitting apropos. Yeah. Because we're going to be tasting Game of Thrones themed food items on this episode of cheat day. And if you're new here, and you're like, what the heck did I just click on? Great question. You should subscribe and hit the bell to find out I'm not gonna tell you you're gonna figure it out for yourself. It's been a wild crazy See, I can't believe I can't believe when that person dies die. Oh my God. God that Atlantis Yeah. And and or that star, you know? It's amazing. We haven't really watched the season. Well, you know what we're watching it. We're watching it in the past and we'll probably get in the present responding now time traveling being like, No, we've seen it now. totaling it before it or who's dying. So So that's why we Yeah, yeah so you know get got haters get God is what me and my friends say about Game of Thrones. Okay, wait a second. Oh, so let's be clear here all of the food that you're gonna see in this episode of cheat day is coming from the show it has appeared in the show at some point including this Chili's. And I'm assuming this is a Searcy favorite or a tyrian. There you go. It's very much a tyrian I drink and I know things. Oh, maybe we will know things after we read from the kingdom of Napa Valley. Ooh, that's a game of thrones inspired wine. Yeah. Oh, it definitely tastes like murder. I definitely taste like I'm gonna drink this and then I'm gonna kill an entire city. Yeah, there's definitely some copper tasting notes in there. There's a little bit of an aroma of blood. I wonder if the copper is coming from The challenge that's a very unusual flavor to have hidden in a wine. Oh you're telling me you're saying that there is no Napa Valley in Westeros Cabernet Sauvignon is not from the show but this is actually merged associated with oh okay okay okay okay i mean Searcy might drink this you read this label may still wide makeup Bob Cabo Cabo lydiate from the capitals but also Game of Thrones shoots in Ireland I went to Ireland last summer to one of the locations oh I went to the north basically and they sell Game of Thrones featured wine there so who knows maybe Searcy actually does drink this oh want to be these vegetables like dead cats direwolf bread crumb hot pies hot guys. I watched an episode of hoarders where a lady they found like dead animals in her house and Looks like this. It's hard for me to I don't know I've like really gotten bad at keeping track of the direwolves cuz I was thinking the same thing makes me sad honestly. Well, ghost is alive. I don't know died No. What's your names drink to them? I am into this I mean literally and figuratively. Okay, so this is honey butter. Yeah, this is he has like a little blueberry I I brought my own cutlery. Jerry you can just without weapons. This is a family. This is how we do it in Westeros. Once a little tipsy, I guess. Oh my gosh. Roman honeybear I couldn't really just eat this with a spirit. But this is just a vehicle for this nice little lamination going on here is there's nothing wrong with this breakfast snack on there. I don't know if I'm starving. Or this is actually I know there's a nice you know children This is like all their food and Game of Thrones seems really girthy girthy yeah there's like it takes like a lot of jaw strength eat it that's why they drink wine right exhausted let's find out Oh, this is like a hearty breakfast. Oh wow, this is a typical Jon Snow breakfast Yeah, it's duck egg blood sausage no regular sausage. This is blood sausage. sausage. Thank god do they call these bangers? Wouldn't this be a banger? They call them finals in Westeros or is that only in the UK? I have no idea. All right, I can barely remember. Stories. All right. relines Wait a minute. I'm so now I know. It's insane. So what is this? Oh, God. Wait, no Is it is it really difficult? This is what we all know. Let's sing is Yeah. Yeah, I was a butcher. I'm aware because it's in the name. They call things certain things, but it's not really the thing. It's just like a cute name. Like what? I'll get back to you. It's a duck egg. We use it a donkey. There's a distinct name. It isn't. I love that we have such a hearty fork. Oh, I needed it. Most of all. I don't have a fault, but it's fine. Because you brought her I brought my Oh wait. You're also part of breakfast? Yes, of course. Oh, the best part of waking up. Weight gain is not brown in my cup. Not brown in my cup. This is good. Mm hmm. Honestly, I'd be okay to have breakfast right here. I'm gonna start to feel very good about life of this sausage and Game of Thrones, even though there's been so many of our favorite people who've died. Oh, just how I like it. Maybe we should eat I should eat the most. These look like the Starbucks. Like, oh, this movie Yeah, that's this is why you're good on this show. Because you know fake I drink tyrian is my favorite by the way. Okay, by the way, I think I do that every time now. These forks were poorly designed. It's a big slab of meat. I've literally eaten almost all the bacon. It's really thin and crispy. I think that's how john snow would like it to be. Yeah, like a well done. thin and crispy. That's why it's herbaceous. I love herbaceous so little bit is this Joffrey is Purple Wedding pigeon pudding pie Joffrey Papa wedding pigeon pot, purple pudding pie pitch So Tim we are accustomed to eating around females at the wall here we also didn't even address they've done eight seasons of that show and never said yes Queen again the pigeon pie kick camp pigeon it's pigeon we're talking about it's so large and there's so much meat in here. Wow I believe this black pigeon but why don't we? Why it's just because it's lovely so much. Oh, that's a rich Bye. Oh, I love me but like something about this is really gross. I mean maybe no mustard seed concoction will help. This looks good to me. Just take a look at the whole thing. what's hot my pigeon boy. My lady loves it. So, there is poison in this right? I should have asked that probably before 18 It seems about right. The dazzled presentations has the plat Yes. In Game of Thrones, everything was like gluttonous you don't ever just eat and have like a little tiny snack? No, no no snacks. No, it's just like gorging yourselves on meat and potatoes. How does one eat askew? This actually goat I love a good is. This is the whiteboard. This feels like a pretty standard. It's pretty chill like chilly. Oh, it's too cold for you. It's a few degrees too chilly for me. Like hey, give me a dragon over here. Exactly. Plus, with winter having common all gonna be cold as hail. Well, there we go. What is this is the lemon? The lemon cake. This is 11 songs is favorite lemon, lemon cake. I feel like I sound like I have an impediment or something is basically native quality often people probably think of actually from the United Kingdom. Besides, if you're I mean, let us know how accurate Jared is or how accurate I am. So heavy art. Oh, wow, this is a lemon cake. I love a cake with a lemon brick is more of a pudding in it. Wait so these are these are the sounds a lemon cakes, right? It's so lemony, I love a good lemon. This means something really bad's gonna happen to us soon. Oh, definitely hasn't cooked all the way through but that's okay, cuz back then. I don't think so. I think that was supposed to be like soaked in something. lemon lemon Is this a dragon egg? Do people like eat dragon eggs? I thought they were like coveted is like some sort of glorious treasure. This is our fun take on it. Our fun take on it. Oh my god. Oh, red wedding. Oh my goodness gracious. Like we're like, trolls. What is this? Yo, Dragon yoke wouldn't be so sweet but kiss. This is one. This is so delicious. What? What a fun trifle. I don't have any silver. I'm just gonna use my thing cuz that's what they do in Game of Thrones. looking better. Like, I think so too. I mean, speaking as someone who's basically a native speaker, it's really giving me a feeling of back Oh, I forgot how much I love. So good. Yeah, they put hoops like four scoops in putting in jail. Probably mostly Catholics, probably. For sure. It's like very extra sad to think about being one Your teeth are green my favorite food that's a funny thing like you could get addicted to dragon eggs in Westeros and you'd come home and be like you've been eating dragon eggs again Haven't you know your screen? Wow but Mike's told me that it was only me if I won't spend my gray money on dragon eggs then I'll show you guys we're so full This episode is finally reached the end just like season eight is close to doing right now if your Game of Thrones fans has the subscribe button we'd love to be part of the family hit the notifications comment in the comments if there is something else so we should eat Game of Thrones inspired on the show all then was die. Always pay your debts and winter is coming. No spoilers in the comments below. Thank you. That's you're gonna drop the mic on that. I feel like that's pretty good. I don't know if you can tell or not. But you guys cheat date is back. We are so excited. And if you liked this video, you have to click right here for another collaboration style video or if you're new to the fam, you got to click that button to subscribe to our channel. Come on. 

