Okay, now pressing send now. My name is Gina. I'm 23 years old. It was June 2016. I met him through my cousin's boyfriend. He asked me out, it was really nice. He took me to sweet chick and Williamsburg. And then we went to the park nearby a little park and he played the guitar. He serenaded me, because he's a musician. But then the second date kind of made me realize that I wasn't really super interested in him partially because I just wasn't really ready to commit. I just came out a relationship. And I was really, really busy. It was about two weeks of communication before it stopped. I was kind of rude about it, though. It could have been more nicer about it because he was nice to me. So I saw him two years later on the train, and he didn't see me though. So I texted him, I was like, Hey, I just saw you on the train. And he was just like, why didn't you say hi? That I was just like, Oh, I don't know. He was just like, Well, have you been? And I didn't respond, which is awful. But yeah, but then I got ghosted and made me reflect and just feel bad for ghosting him because it was his situation where I liked someone and I don't feel like I was being pushy, but the person probably thought I was they stopped talking to me. And it's hard. And maybe you appreciate the person that I once ghosted, who was trying to basically do what I'm trying to do now. I would say I'm sorry. Not sure. I don't want the apology to turn into like, hey, do you want to try this again? Because I don't have anything like if he responds back and it's like hopeful I can lie to have a boyfriend. though. I mean, I could text him now, but I just, yeah, I could talk to them. Okay, so I'm not one to apologize via text but if I was to text, the person that I ghosted, I would probably say hey Okay, are you happy with that? Yeah. Great. hopefully catch up. But okay, yeah, good. I guess if I'm not trying to like leave him on. It should have been should be like I just want to sound Sorry if I ended things a couple of years ago I should communicate my feelings better hope all as well. I think this is a pretty good hope all as well. Yeah, I think this is pretty good. Maybe he's in a relationship. So then it'll be even easier because he won't want to talk to maybe that relationship. more pressing send now, up to you. Not delivered in green. I feel like he blocked me because I'm on Google that if it goes green in me that he blocked you. If not the text messages sent and he knows that I feel bad. I feel off my shoulders. I do feel better. Like I can feel more at peace with not the decision of ghosting but just owning up to what I did wrong. I don't regret this at all. Let me check Selena, if it goes green, and just my phone. No, it was blue. I feel bad because I'll never really be able to know if I was sorry or not. I can't hit him up in any type of way. I feel like this is a sign all I could do is just manifest in the universe happiness for him. And whatever relationship he's in and Rebecca asked my cousin how he's doing. Okay, let's try it again. It said the message failed to send but it's sent to Lena. As far as this boy blocked me 

