Hi everybody, thank you for watching. In today's video I am going to be showing you guys an update to my at home tanning routine. I know last year I did do a video with Ani sands and I gave you guys like the full rundown on what I was using. But about six months ago I found a new product and to me ohana Chai. To me whenever I find like a groundbreaking like new massage favorite. I always feel it's necessary to kind of redo that video. That way you guys can stay updated on what I'm using because I think one of my most asked questions is what I do for at home tanning. So I had a little bit of a busy week I had some friends visiting from New Zealand, I'm sure you guys have heard of Shan ex Oh, so her and her fiance were here and they say it was me and then we went to electric Zoo for the weekend. So it's been quite a busy week but it feels so good to be back and sitting down. Film for you guys today. So if you want to hear all about my new holy grail tanning product as well as see a demo and other tips and tricks that really, really worked for me, then please keep watching. So I'm super excited to be working with Bandai stands for the second year in a row. Their products, in my opinion are unmatched. And to be honest, this new product that I have been using for the past six months has changed my life. As I'm getting older, like I'm starting to obviously care a lot more about being in the sun and using sunscreen and just, you know, taking care of my skin because, you know, as we age, those are things we have to worry about. So this was probably one of the first summers Yeah, that I really just didn't go to the beach didn't really lay out much. I just depended on self tanning at home. And I feel like this summer was when I got the most compliments. So quick backstory. I went out to Coachella earlier in the year for the Bondi sands. They were having a new release party. So this is one of those new product came out. It's the arrow self tanning foam and I was always using the one hour Express before Then I also did try like their ultra dark which is an amazing product as well but once I tried this new product this has just been like my holy grail go to will not touch anything else. Before we get into today's video I just wanted to give you guys a couple like tricks that I was actually sharing with somebody. And they when I had told them this they were like are you kidding? I never thought to do it. So I thought it'd be really important to share that with you guys before applying a self tan at home. A lot of you guys I'm sure I've done it before. You guys know your skin type better than I do for me I have like not like super dry skin but I'm like the type where I always moisturize as soon as I get out of the shower. So if you haven't tried other self tanner is at home and you notice you get some patchy spots or anything like that. You can exfoliate at home either with an exfoliator or like an exfoliating mitt. I know a lot of my friends do use those I personally don't because I never have had that issue before. One thing that I'd really recommend when it works so well is to not shave before you self tan. So I don't know if you guys have like done self tanning at home and then until you see Like the little black dots all over your pores wherever you shave what I've found is that if I let my hair grow out a little bit, do the southtown and then when I wash it off once I shaved The next morning, my skin looks perfect and those black dots go away so I don't know what it is. She's looking at me right now. So my theory is if you shave before then self tanner like sinks into your pores or if you have like a hair follicle in the pore and kind of like blocks it from creating like those black dots. So if you don't have those problems, you're lucky but for me I noticed that it makes a big difference to shave after I self tan. So that's like everywhere on my body. I will shave after I sell tan so as I mentioned if you exfoliate I would do that in the shower before yourself tan. Dry yourself off. Do not apply any type of lotion on your body that's like key before applying self tanner what I use whenever I'm doing like weekly self tans back to back I use the self tan or razor. So this product is super easy to use. What you would do is you get out of the shower you pat yourself dry. You can apply this onto your skin like apply a decent amount all over wherever you still have some self tanner remaining. And it says to leave it on for five minutes. I always like to let it sit for about 10 minutes. And then once you've done that you can either shower it off or you can use like a wet washcloth to kind of just rub away any of the excess tans. So that's something that I would recommend if you guys are doing a weekly Tam, which is kind of what I've been doing lately. So this product is definitely really good if you guys ever have like those stubborn hard to remove areas. Another reason that this product is really nice is you don't have to go crazy on exfoliating. And you know sometimes if you go a little too heavy you're seeing it's super red and draw and that's like what you want to avoid. So now I'm going to show you guys a quick demo on how I use the product. So this right here is the new Aero foam. I love to apply it with the Bandai sans MIT. It's really really soft and silky and it makes this tangible and smoother in my personal opinion. So this product comes in one color and it's going to give you a deep bronze glow. It's very Olive tone and it just looks so great on so many skin tones I have had so many of my friends try it some a little bit paler and some a little bit darker and it just gives like this really beautiful bronze glow on everyone that I know that has tried it. So I like to apply a decent amount onto my mitt and do soft circular motions all over my body. I like to do like one arm at a time and then once I've got my whole arm I'll go in with like a little bit more and I'll do like a second coat. So when applying the tenor on your hands and also your feet, you want to just use whatever excess product is on the mat. You don't want to apply a lot like you would put anywhere else on your body because your hands in your feet will soak up the product a lot quicker. So that's just a tip so they say to leave this tan on for a minimum of six hours. What I normally like to do is I like to apply it before bed and that way I will sleep in it I can wake up showered off what's cool about this product is it's a lightweight aerosol formula which is different than their other products so you can barely feel it on your skin and it dries really quickly. So Never gonna feel like like wet your skin's not gonna feel wet afterwards and when I'm applying saw my face I also just like to use the excess product that is already on the mat I don't like to go too crazy on my face I like to just do a very very light coat because I'm usually wearing makeup anyway which will cover up the tan and it's just personal preference so to as much as you feel comfortable doing they say it lasts up to seven days but I've had it lasts even longer. And ladies I don't know if you guys like to hate the smell of self tan or your significant others hate it but this one has like a really nice coconut scent to it. It's not too powerful. So you don't feel like grossed out as you're leaving it on your skin all day who the ingredients that really helped keep this tan long lasting is vitamin E and hoepa. They both really moisturize the skin and they keep your skin super hydrated. So the end of July I was in Greece for about 12 days and I actually brought this product with me and I had done it prior to the trip that way I already had a little bit of a tan to start with. And like halfway through the trip. I did it one night before bed and I woke up so tan and everyone was like I'm so jealous you got so tan like oh wow, I didn't even tell anyone that I used the tanning product overnight. I was like yeah you know, got that Grecian tan. So for today's video I did do it during the day so I did only leave it on for the six hour timeframe because I was getting antsy and I wanted to wash it off. So normally if I leave it on overnight, it's like maybe like a little bit darker so it depends on really how dark you want to go. Try it out for six hours. See how you feel if you want it a little bit darker you can always leave it on a little bit longer. And another tip that I would have is when you do rinse your tan off the next day or after the six hours. Don't use any body wash or anything like that. Let it rinse off. If you need to use like a tiny bit of soap you can use like soap to like clean your underarms or anything like that but I would recommend not applying any soap and then once you get out of the shower, I go crazy on lotion. I'm the type of person that like not even like feel comfortable that having body lotion on So what I do whenever I do the self tan is I use the everyday gradual tanning melk. And this is also by Vonda it just helps preserve the tan a little bit longer, which is really nice, and it's super moisturizing. So that's something I would definitely recommend is like once you've showered off, you know, we use some lotion to really like lock in the color and moisturize your skin and then you're all set. And that's all you have to do. And it's so easy the whole process maybe takes like 10 maybe 15 minutes depending so you know, even some nights I get home and I know I have something to do in the next day and it's like midnight or 1am and I'm wanting to go to bed but also like take aside 10 minutes and be like You know what, I'll be so much happier if I wake up with the 10 in the morning. So that is my at home tanning routine all the products that I talked about in today's video. They're all available at Walgreens nationwide which is really cool. So you can go right into any Walgreens and pick it up. Also you can go on the website to purchase anything and it could be delivered right to your door which I'm kind of More lazy and I like to have everything delivered Personally, I'm seeing like cat hair flying all around me because child just wants to be the star of the show. Try you want to use the product. Thank you man.But I hope you guys enjoyed this video try out the product let me know what you think you will not be disappointed. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I love you all so much. And until next time, I'll see you guys later.
Love you, baby. Many Thank you for watching.