Hi guys, I have been real lazy I could do a 15 minute video of me just playing Animal Crossing and you guys would stare at that that would be ideal but instead I decided to do my go to lazy food hacks that I've actually learned off the TIC Tock because let's be honest people I've been doing is eating this porn. Subscribe to this channel for for pizza to be delivered right actual door and don't forget to ring the bill and that's the only way I can bring you about Yeah, a little weird. And just a little reminder that I have a vlog channel if you're not already subscribed, we would love to have you over there right now we're doing a bunch of home vlogs and other weird stuff. So if you're into that, we'll link the channel down below. If you enjoy these types of videos go to thumbs up and if you don't give it a thumbs down that just kind of shows me how you feel about certain content. I've been snacking a lot recently. Not very proud. I'm not a big fan of Cheeto dust on my fingers. So I've been using chopsticks instead a little bit strange of a food hack but I love this technique on below. This is one that's a little too strange for you. It's made me perfect my chopsticks skills so much that I could probably put eyelashes on with it. So that's pretty cool. Here's a crazy food hack that will make your marshmallows grow four times as big or fake for any at home s'mores now get any marshmallows of your choice. Prepare your s'mores, a graham cracker at some yummy chocolate. Put the marshmallow on top, pop it in the microwave for 30 seconds and watch it magically grow. finalize with the graham cracker on top and beautiful at home.This has got to be the coolest breakfast hack I've ever seen on medium heat throwing a little bit of butter spread it on the pan Add two already mixed in eggs on top and two slices of bread. Live them to get that goodness add your toppings of choice. Then put the corners to pancake it in and flip it again buying a juicy breakfast sandwich coming right up. Tell me this is not the coolest packet. Tell me. I love it. I've been getting weird. Hey All I've been craving is cookies and no honey, I'm not pregnant. Oh hi, here's a four ingredient recipe that hits that sweet spot. So in a bowl mix one cup of brown sugar and one cup of peanut butter and one egg, one teaspoon of baking soda and half a cup of chocolate chips. I mix in some Reese's Peanut Butter chunks because my husband loves it for a little added wifey bonus mix it all up but don't use a frickin whisk it gets that split the cookie dough mix into about 12 and pop it in the oven for 350 degrees for eight to 10 minutes when they're ready to go let them cool off for 10 minutes and no they are not raw. I promise you I burned my last ones by thinking this they're just super chewy and look at that look at this yumminess I wish I could share it through the screen. If you're craving something a little more cakey this food hack is for you take some Oreos take any milk of your choice I prefer this one now pouring a little less milk I would say about four tablespoons to to cook you ratio. I know I'm getting all mathy here I did a lot more than that ratios I added more Oreos makes makes makes me Merge, then you guys pop it in the microwave for 30 seconds. That's all you need for your laser boot. I realized my mug was not microwavable so I actually had to switch it up yes make sure you do that and once it's out you have the best dark and fluffy cake ever look at this oh my god get fancy at some strawberries, fudge and caramel and call it an animal crossing night. Sorry guys, I'm just the game. What can I do? Maybe I can fill my game plan for you guys. Because hunger is getting lazier and chill playing game is what I need. This next boot hack requires no skills at all. Trust me It takes some bread with the spoon pressed down to create a little dent in the bread agile egg I recommend cracking in a cup and adding it on top of your toppings of choice and put it in the oven for seven minutes at 350 degrees. Look at this the best part is you can make plenty for entire family so less of a mess and your precious time is good so that you can play more Animal Crossing Of course okay sorry guys I'm doing if you only have one tray but have two pizzas that struggle people this food hack is life changing for me. It's been cray cray cut your peaks in half and use the corners of the tray. To set them in this may require a little bit pushing, but eventually it'll fit and you'll have two pizzas for the price of one pan but we love a cheap half you guys, I've been using a strainer wrong my whole life and you probably have to check it out. If you usually do it like this, you are doing it wrong. You run into juggling two things at once and it's not draining properly, blah, blah. Instead clip your strainer like this one has a little clip I had no idea or position it like this and the water will drain better and your posture won't overflow you. If you're into dunking or Oreos, think again use a fork This is much easier than that. For two things we go crazy. Anyways, if you enjoyed this video sorry for all the craziness give it a thumbs up share this video with one board as friend please and subscribe if you have not already. Don't forget to hit that bell so I can ring your bell and give you a pizza you already know. I'm going to go back to playing Animal Crossing and chilling with my knit villagers. I love you. Goodbye.