Is that a little music? No. Is that me is now taking a little nap nap it's just like straight up burrowed right now and that is a fat mood for today. Hey guys and Happy Wednesday upload day. It is currently Labor Day right now and I am purging my closet I'm doing a massive reorganization because I feel like when I moved two and a half years ago I just brought everything and didn't really purge I've done a few like mini purges and this video isn't sponsored by poshmark or anything but I'm gonna be putting a ton of stuff on poshmark if you're interested in shopping my closet so I've got two big piles already of stuff that I've already started on or goodwill or poshmark or friends and family it's a whole thing so anyways I started doing it was like I should maybe film this because these are some of my favorite freakin videos to watch. I love organization videos like Mia's cause an organization video so That is the plan for today I just threw in a little laundry I was at the gym this morning I currently look like but that that is okay and the goal today is to get my closet back into a working order. The other problem is that Jeremy who I share a closet with has a super organized and perfect side of the closet so it makes my side look like a freakin bomb went off. I feel like when it was just me in the closet like it was fine. I was like it like it's a little cluttered. The hangers are all different colors, it's fine, but when his stuff got hung up it made my side just look like it's like if all the sections of a department store got thrown into a hurricane and then just happen to land on my side of the closet. You know some of the kids section some of the dresses some of the skirt some of the jeans that's basically what it looks like. So that's the plan for right now. Hopefully this will be a really satisfying montage and a before and after I've already purged a ton of it. Do you guys know that I just like hate wearing jeans unless they're like perfect. So I've got like 10 pairs of jeans probably going into poshmark and a whole bunch of skirt. That's the only thing that I've pretty much gone through right now I've narrowed myself down to five genes like maybe six pairs of jeans shorts. I'm just there like a few different washes and a few different fits because like you got to have like your bloated day shorts like your fit day shorts or your period day shorts. Like you got to have a few options for the size of yourself. So let me show you what we are working with me. Yes, I don't want to clean the closet. Will you please uh, help me know? Cool All right, sweet. Oh, hello. Oh, hello. Wow, that was cute. Okay, even though no couldn't cause that was very cute. I love you. Okay, let's begin. Okay, so here's what I've purged so far, a ton of jeans, a bunch of jean shorts, skirts of overalls. This is my bag for goodwill. I have to sort through that still. But here's what my hangers have already taken my closet. I've got this pile this pile and then these are all like the pants hangers. Okay, so here is the situation. Okay let me let me just show you why my side looks so bad because he's got our matching hangers and everything is kept he couldn't in delic donate it to donini and there's my side and it's just an explosion like my hangers are just from like 14 different places like you guys know I have a massive hoodie problem so that's happening I don't even know what's going on down here. This is happening just finished that so this looks great. So a myself four pairs of jeans one pair of black jeans and then this is it for shorts and skirts which basically got like habit which is great. So now I'm feeling a little overwhelmed. I think I might start with hoodies and it's like do I really need my wigs in my closet like probably not also perks having a tall boyfriend they can just like put things where you would never even like think to put things because like a girl can reach that. I think also my game plan for leggings is maybe hanging them up because this is obviously not a solution that is working for anybody also jackets. It's like girl you live in LA why you have so many jackets though, like I've definitely got some that are like photoshoot jackets like this one I just wore at the Museum of Dreamspace. And like this one is like kind of patted This one's leather. This one's got like a cute fur trim the leg Do we really need all these jackets? Probably net. I've got a whole other section over here and like okay, well this is the one that I just bought. So like we keep an hurt, I can definitely try and minimize I think some of the stuff that I have here. I just love clothes. But this is so unnecessary to have this many. So I'm gonna try and like Marie Kondo. This ish a problem is is that it all brings joy. So I don't know we're kind of stuck there. Holy crap. Okay, so it is quite literally five hours later I have never purged my closet this hard in my entire life. I don't think I'm like frustrated myself kind of because I feel like this industry is so much about excess like the amount of PR packages that we receive of free things. It's like I'm the last person that needs more free things like there's so many other places that free things could go to so I think I'm gonna do I'm gonna stop on poshmark some of the stuff to Goodwill and then some of it to a women's shelter just only get payment for profit type of situation. But yeah, holy crap. I'm also hoping to keep my closet at like a really controlled size after this purge because like, yeah, girl does not want to do this ever again. And this has been crazy. I literally had some things in my closet that I've had since I lived in Toronto five years ago, and I'm sure I brought that to college with me when I moved from my hometown. So there were definitely some things that have you know, lived their time had their life and now it's time to either go straight into the trash definitely a lot of those pieces like pajamas like why do I have so many pajama shirts? Why but holy crap you should see my room right now. Okay so stuff isn't fully organized into like where things are going but there's all this stuff here too massive urban outfitter bag all of this stuff that's folded up some trash bags still got to go through that he's have no home I have so many bags and bags for some reason all the blue hangers because look at this coordination of the pink hangers we're not officially done and also hoodie game so strong, so strong, but like look how good it looks right now this whole corner is basically empty. I don't even know what I'm going to put there like Jeremy asked for these ones so this was like totally fine. It was just like random stuff here but look a little extra space. There's like a hanger and a half. All these are pretty much open. These are just access hangers, empty shoe spots, all my coats color, coordinated black hangers and even this is an empty cubby here. I narrow down my leggings to like a crazy amount. There's can be But But I think we're gonna wrap up for today I have been watching YouTube videos listen to music going through all this it's been freakin crazy and because it's Labor Day I can't even go to Target or The Container Store or whatever to go get bins and more of the pink hangers now that I'm color coordinating like an adult we'll see how long the last floor but because it's Labor Day I can actually go and finish a can't drop off the stuff at Goodwill and get the tax done and I wanted to get some organization bins for smaller stuff like socks and underwear so this journey will continue tomorrow and in the meantime I'm gonna clear all this out of my room so that it doesn't feel super overwhelming. There's nothing worse than going to bed and waking up in a mess which is normally what I do everyday but just like not to this extent tomorrow is a day full of errands I have to get a new passport and get a passport photo taken and then maybe we'll go to Target and get some DIY supplies and some organization stuff hi guys it is the next day and I just got back from a crazy full day of errands. I got a new passport photo taken. I dropped All this stuff at Goodwill and a woman shelter, I went to Marshalls Home Goods I went to Michael's I went to Target I went to a mall. Oh my god today has been Aaron tastic. I'm also planning to go to Costco tonight. So like basically I'm just like ready to be I don't want to say mom because like, I don't want babies right now. But like, I don't know where it's going with that. Let's just say I got two babies. I was like, no baby, no baby. So I'm so stupid. I took all these like really specific measurements of the different cubbies and shelves and drawer sizes and run a measuring tape. So while at Target I had to buy another measuring tape and for someone who doesn't really measure things very often and like very much yo Lowe's everything I now have like six measuring tapes, so that's unnecessary. Anyways, I got some really cute bins and little boxes to hold thing and they're gonna fit because I measured and bought any measuring tape just to make sure honestly, the way I normally do it as I just like stick my arm up against and be like, okay, we're on my arm does this go to how many of my own arms D that's normally how I do it that's how I should have done it when I realized I didn't have a freakin measuring tape anyway let's get organizing in today's the final day and I'm ready to be officially done with this project it's taking so long oh my gosh what a freakin transformation Honestly, I need to take so many photos of what this looks like now because it'll probably never be this clean ever again. You know what actually started with a pretty decently clean shoe section hoodie game so strong rainbow gradient hoodies this makes me so happy I realized that I wear a hoodie almost every single day at least once at some point. So I figured instead of having them explode out of these shelves here it makes more sense to have it as like my everyday rack and then up there we have top there's actually Christmas sweaters and Disney sweaters submerge leggings. Oh my gosh guys, I narrow down my leggings collection by like 65 70% It's crazy. And then some other hoodies and sweaters and one Z's down there. Me have four pairs of jeans now two regulars two boyfriends, a black pair and then actually a decent amount of skirts and different types of shorts and stuff and then up here like my little itty bitty tops like the little baby ones like the crop tops and like the random stuff like that a few body suits and then all of my jackets you know what I actually am surprised at how many jackets I was like not down to get rid of like does a girl really need for pink fuzzy jackets. Yes, and then I've actually been looking for a spot forever. I feel like I'll probably end up filling up these cubbies here but for right now I don't have anything to go there which is crazy. So anyway, I just got this little jewelry display here of all my different rings and some earrings which I pretty much never wear but figure they should probably be somewhere safe and not just like stuffed in a cup and then I have some more shoes over here my like two long pieces that I own like Maxi skirts. My hats are hanging up now so they're not like getting dusty and nasty. And then I also narrow down my dress collection by so freaking much. There's like a few sets here. Regular dresses and then maxi dresses which is like basically just three or four and then all the drawers are so freakin organized and it makes me so happy what pair what bam. Oh my god. Oh my gosh okay, so we're nearing the end I think let's like do like a fun montage with the good camera maybe and we'll do like some aesthetic thing or whatever. Just have like a final look of what everything looks like because it will truly never be this clean ever again. I was planning on answering some questions I tweeted you guys asking to ask me questions that can only be answered with a yes Yes or No I totally forgot to do it as I was organizing my sock and underwear and athleisure drawers so if you're used to a speed round right now before the video and and we'll call it a day Okay, are we ready for this speed rounds all the questions on screen and just like yes or no explanation hopefully we not about to start any drama. I feel like no, I like don't even have drama. I have no t Okay, let's do this. Yes, yes. Yes. No, no. No. Yes. Yes. No, JP, no. Yes, actually. Yes, yes. No, no. No. Yes times 1000 bajillion. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Forever. Yes, infinity. Yes, yes. No, yes, I am the Burger King. Okay, so hope you enjoyed that speed round I feel like that was a little stressful I kind of just screenshot it and didn't actually like answer in my head as I looked at your guys's question, but um that's it for today's vlog. I hope you guys enjoyed my massive closet reorganization and purging all into my poshmark because that stuff will be going up on poshmark throughout the week so if you're interested in shopping any of my pieces A lot of it will be on there and also have a link to the women's shelter if you live in the LA area. It's a great spot to donate I take so much of like my household stuff there as well. I'll leave that link in the description box below as well. Last thing having a meet and greet on Saturday in LA at forbid anyone in Montebello those details down below as well as well as well as well. I can't wait to hug some of your guys's face this weekend, guys. I hate seeing guys this guy with an apostrophe at the end faces this weekend. Anyways, hope you guys enjoyed it and I will see you guys on Sunday. brace on dry and get on one minute. Another week live my Pretty Little Kingdom 

