Gentlemen, I'm here today to meet an old friend, because I've got some unfinished business. I'm not you again, Kevin. One more time. Let's do this. All right. All right, Kevin. So I would just like to officially welcome you to Atlanta. Thank you. I have been wanting to do this ever since I met you for the first time you remember the alpha m style system when you came up and you're like, hey, how do I look? And I gave you a little one server I'm like, yeah, drop the sideburns the suit looks okay. You actually have lost a few pounds I have I have been looking good and Mr. Wonderful is even more wonderful now. All right, you are wonderful and I would say that you are the bad boy of the Shark Tank out of all the shark. It's not true. I'm the only shark that tells the truth. You're the bad boy you've got that that Genesee quoi the truth shouldn't be bad. It's the honest truth. All right, well call it whatever we want. I'm gonna call it bad boy and Mr. Wonderful is the bad boy of shark tank. But here's the deal today gentlemen this looks nice and all like I enjoy the suit I like when you make perfect even more perfect i don't know i'm gonna make it bad boy alpha m style Mr. Wonderful Are you up for a little alpha and makeover I'm thinking I'm ready to rock if you can make me even better why would not want to make you look like a bad boy is it possible to do it is possible if you have not checked out Kevin's YouTube channel, he is now a YouTube star with over 100,000 subscribers. He is dishing out incredible life along with business lessons and he and I just recently filmed of active recently today. That's why we're here. An episode of is asked Mr. Wonderful, wonderful. Why can't I get that out? Because I'm too wonderful for you. Exactly, Mr. Wonderful. I always get into it again. Series guys hit the link down below if you want to go watch it. It's full of incredible life and business advice and he wasn't that bad. I was really surprised. We took in questions all around the world. And Aaron was pretty good at answering some of them. It was really good. I couldn't believe it. I wish I'd done this a little bit at this but I was just Alright speaking it's something I've done recently is shopping Kevin let's go outside. I'm not a car I'm ready. All right, gentlemen, we're at Lenox mall to make over Mr. Wonderful give them the bad boy treatment alpha m style, Kevin every great outfit starts the feet and so that's where we're starting some new shoes. New shoes baby. Ready, baby. It's pretty interesting. We didn't know what to expect coming into a mall you get noticed all over the place. I try to keep a low profile in the same suit everywhere I go. So we're probably gonna do something like this. Maybe a nice like clean chelsea boots. Go with some slim fit like black or gray jeans, something like that. Right? Not bad, right? You're looking for a more casual look. Casual bad boy, Mr. Wonderful. Exactly. But you know, what I find is because of the continuity of television, I'm always forced to wearing the same suit all the time. Yeah. So I have 25 of these suits. Five when he finds like 25 or 35 I'm burning through a set a suit every four months. So I want to have a lot of inventory on what size. I am a 10 nine and a half 10 All right, so while he's doing that, Kevin with me leather jackets Come on. Here's the deal. When you wear a jacket, a leather jacket, it's supposed to be like pretty snug right? This will be pretty, it'll be snug but here's the deal. It'll break in and it's just like, it's like a stylish hug and this jacket, this jacket looks amazing. So pop the collar. Look at that nice and slim to the waist. Right? Very cool. Very, very bad as this is a great jacket a great look. It's very comfortable, but I want to try you in a bomber real quick. Where's my motorcycle later Look at him go I don't know I'm kinda I don't know I kind of feel in that one a little bit more stuff better attitude it does have more attitude and there's nothing that we need for you more than more attitude blocking attitude I need some more. So you put it on he just grabbed the back end just pull it on. Yep Hold on. I like it. I like it a lot. Try this one on brown instead. It's a great way to add richness and texture richness and texture to your outfit and I think we need a little color I think that's what we're gonna do who knows we'll take those all right Mr. Wonderful says two items down but now we're gonna go for jeans. When's the last time you've been in a gap? Never. We're going gap baby. You're excited my first gap experience gap experience getting gap Got Burgess? I think it's a perfect fit. They're amazing. They look incredible. Lots of stretch Look at that. Yeah. Are you kidding me? No seriously? I could I could save big dough like 40 bucks I'm gonna buy the whole store all right now a bell upstairs last stop for a shirt Have you ever been to Banana Republic? Never the first time for everything come on I'm gonna get two shirts I'm gonna get a T shirt I'm also gonna get a handmade because Come on bad boys they rockin alright gentlemen, shopping is completed took officially like 47 minutes we're in. We're out for now we're going back to the hotel room to play with my new favorite store. We're in Republic. I'm buying the whole store. back to the hotel put together all right, gentlemen, are you ready? Are you ready to see Kevin O'Leary bad boy alpha m style? You guys are going to love this look and know why I think it's so amazing Mr. Wonderful get your sexy ass in here. That is what I'm talking about. I tell you alhfam Aaron Dude, I can't believe this and I'm all about Banana Republic now. All right, so here's the deal guys. You know this look would be coming from me All right, so here's the deal. Let's start at the shoes. Tell you what we did. We went with a pair of brown to boot New York chelsea boots of course. Are you kidding me? They scream bad boy. Also we went with a pair of gap stretchy gray slim fit denim which he has never been to the gap but however, he's jeans incredibly comfortable. We went with a matching belt from Johnson Murphy. The Henley is actually from Banana Republic. And the leather jacket of course, is all saints. Kevin, what do you think of this outfit I bought in all those stores. The whole thing listen I Love You did a great job here. I couldn't believe it. I was very skeptical. I gotta tell you years ago I thought I couldn't look any better than I already looked speaking of looking better there's one more accessory we got to get. All right Kevin. No bad boy look would be complete without a killer pair of shades. These are my new sunglass company enemy Whoa, what do you think? I love them they're so comfortable. They're crazy comfortable, right? My goodness. I gotta check them out. Check them out. Now that's what I'm talking about. That is really listen, you're not bad. I'm not bad. I may let you back in Shark Tank for a third time. Alright guys, so here's the deal. If you want to check out enemy, we're gonna link to them down below. All right, we got some incredible styles. There's also I like those shades. They're good, right? They are good. 95 bucks. That's amazing. They're crazy. Right? Italian acetates Iceland. I hate to give you a free plug but I got two for these. They're just so comfortable. These are good. They look great. Enemy enemy baby enemy.com enemy well I'm your enemy well you're not my enemy anymore now we are amigos officially guys down below once again if you didn't see the video that we did together for Kevin's channel the ask Mr wonderful we did a great great episode that I think you guys are gonna really love we dive into numbers we talk about business we talk about life something else guys if you haven't subscribed to Mr wonderful channel it's ridiculous it's growing super fast and one more thing what you know I love wine good wine yeah let's go downstairs I'll take you the bar and show you some things you don't know I'm going to show you some a fashion qudra Mazda gonna knock your socks off I don't know what that is but I'm excited I heard wine I'm good let's go all right. Aaron great day but before it is I just wanted to share with you a little extra fashion tip you will learn from Mr. Wonderful haha Of course I travel with three different watches because I have where one in the morning one at lunch I switch and one at night. So these are the three I brought with me and FP Jorn there Rare piece of course i think you know this very well the lightweight steel Daytona impossible to get and the jumbo AP, another steel watch. I love them all red bands. So I have a huge pen Collection. This is probably the most famous pen in the world. It's called the maestro stick more international deals and peace treaties have been signed with this pen than any other on Earth. This is my mainstay pen. It's a beast, probably a $3,000 pen and that's the low end for collectibles. Do you carry one of these with you on all time I carry eight with me at all times. Now this is a Mackie mobile very rare penzone 88 in the world this is number 13 This is about 40,000 $40,000 for a pen but it'll appreciate in value because it took the artists two years to make them my god it is beautiful saying no to this. It's so heavy. Yeah, it's beautiful. It has a soul. That's what they say. That's amazing unlike you on Shark Tank. So, gentlemen, so this and I travel with this pen because I write with it. I When you're doing a deal and you pull out a weapon like this, you're talking business. Gentlemen, this has been an amazing day. Kevin, thank you so much for being a part of this and for seeing me one more time cheers and I really appreciate it. You look amazing. Thank you so much for showing me your beautiful watches and your pens. Once again, gentlemen, if you haven't subscribed to the Kevin O'Leary YouTube channel, we're going to link to that below in the video that we did talk in business and life Kevin, you're a gem and nicer than everybody says, Yes, I've been alpha and and he looks incredible. Because when you're doing television, you don't want the not to drift down. Who's calling? Hey, Tony, say hi to Mr. Wonderful. Hey, Tony, how are you big guy? I love it. Can I have some money? Alright, hey, I gotta run later. Bye. 

