Everybody, thank you for watching. I'm so excited about today's video because it's been a little bit since I've done like a natural, everyday type of makeup look, I know I love doing like full contour highlight and all that good stuff but I also really love a quick, easy natural routine. So in today's video I partnered with necks to showcase some really big trends for summer which are bushy brows, both freckles and just like really glowy skin. So if you guys want to see how I got this look right here then please keep watching start off today's Look, I'm going to be using the cover effects word or cloud primer. I'm going to be mixing a little bit into pay hands and applying it over my face. So I want to use like a hydrating primer for today's look because I want it to be like a really fresh, natural look or foundation. I'm going to take a little bit of this stellar Foundation and the color s 10. Just getting two pumps because I only want a little bit, it's actually maybe more than expected. So it looks a little bit off, but once it's planted and I've used this color, a lot of times, I'm just gonna wipe off any of the excess because I'm probably gonna just use one pump. By applying it with your fingers, it's going to give you like a more natural finish, it's going to just kind of like blend nicely into your skin and it's going to actually look like your skin which is nice. So as you can see, I have some darker spots from the sun where your sunscreen. So what I like to do is I have this cream concealer, this one's by Krylon and I'm just going to click a little clean brush and just apply it has like a little bit of like a salmon undertone, so I'm just gonna apply that with any like the dark spots. Just kind of blend in with my finger like lightly You can see it covers it right up, we just want to use a very light hand. And then we're gonna go to powder after. So for underneath my eyes, I have a little bit of some like dark circles. So what I like to do is I like to mix the color cream which I just did for the dark spots along with alabaster. And I'm just going to take a little bit of each and just lightly tap it under my eye. You can use your finger as well, I feel on a bar use my finger it was just like a smoother application. So if you want to do like that more natural look and have it look like your skin. I feel like because it warms up the product with your fingers. It's just a little bit more natural again. So now to set the little bits of concealer. I'm using the LA Girl pro face and I'm just gonna take a little bit with this fluffy brush and just tap it underneath my eyes. Just a little bit With a very light hand. So for today's natural look, I wanted to do a really fluffy brow and some full freckles. So, I'm super excited to be showing you guys the film fluff, I wrote pencil. what's so cool about this, I definitely never heard of anything like this before. So I was really excited to review this for you guys. It's an eyebrow pomade pencil. So if you guys are familiar with a palm, it usually comes with like a little jar if you use a pencil, but this eyebrow brush actually comes with the pomade on the end of it and has this really cool tip and it's perfect for a nice bushy, natural looking brow. And on the other end, there's a micro paddle brush, which is to fluff brush and blend your brows. So I got to play around with this for the past couple of days and just the brush alone it really does fluff up your brows. So I'm gonna zoom in a little bit so you guys can see this in action. But I'm really excited to show you guys posts right now bushy brows are really in so I feel like a nice Natural love bushy brows like perfect for the summertime. So first I am going to just brush my eyebrow hairs up. I'm going to go in with the palm and then I'm going to go back and with the fluff brush it's gonna blend and fluff the product into your brows. So this like texture This brush is super interesting because it really does like fluff up your eyebrow hairs which is crazy. So when you go in with the pommy and and Phil and shake my brows Can you want to use this with a very light hand and also I'm using this in the color espresso it does come one shade darker. If I was doing like a full normal space routine where I do like a lot more makeup I'd probably go in with the black, but since I'm doing like a more natural look, I'm going to go in with the espresso. And that's like this waxy texture to it. But again, it makes your brows look supernatural. You guys know, I've been using NYX products forever. So I love a good, affordable brow. It's now going to take the fluff end. And I'm going to start fluffing my brows and pushing up the pomade into the ground to make it look super natural. And because the pomade has like that waxy finish, you don't need a bro. Like a settings setting gel or anything like that. Because this right here, it's going to help keep your eyebrow hairs in place, which is also really cool. I love it. I love this little brush. It's so cool. So you can see my natural brow versus the fluffed one which still has like that very natural look to it, which I love. So let's do the other one. Like the front part of my eyebrow, do you do a very light stroke, it's gonna give you like the perfect, fake like hair so it's gonna look like you're drawing your hairs again so very light hand. Now we got some bushy brows. Next up, I'm gonna take a bit of this cooler Tom bronzer, and I'm gonna actually mix the two. And I'm just gonna contour a little bit like to go like all the way pretty much cover my whole forehead, bronzer. Five hat I should say, please make fun of me grab when I was younger especially and just don't care anymore. I left my forehead Thank you so much. Don't forget to do your ears. And then next I'm going to go in with this Creme de Scala by Natasha didn't Wanna take a little bit on my finger, dab it onto my hand and then pile up on my cheeks. Go really pretty natural blow my nose and a little bit under my brow. I'm gonna do a little bit of that same contour color and just do a little bit on my nose because I just personally love to do it. You don't have to do it of course, as precise as maybe just took a quick one or presumably we need to country knows that. I'm going to take the same contour shades and just to look a little bit into my crease. I feel like whenever I do this, it just makes my eyes a little bit more awake and open, which I really like. Just a little bit. A little bit goes a long way. I'm gonna see that same brush on you a little bit on my lower lashline as well. What I also like to do same cream highlighter, multitasking, He's everywhere to give you like that extra glow. I'm gonna take a little bit of this brown powder from my bronzer and just apply a little bit on the outer my eyelid I like to apply shadow underneath my eyes because I feel like it makes them look more open and like rounded. like it'd be smile and you see where your natural creases that's where I would Just putting the shadow down itself so I haven't decided if I want to do lashes maybe just on the outer. So I'm going to do a little bit of a scarf first and then I'll decide. So I'm using this next on the rise volume of scara I love the brush of this. These are my favorite brushes I don't like like the fluffing brushes I like the ones that are like this that really separate the lashes. I don't love my lash extensions probably like a week or two ago. Whenever I do, I always have like much thinner lashes and it's not because they take my lashes out it's because I have that problem when I pick them. So that's why sometimes I need to throw like a little bit of a ship lash. On one end up growing back. Next one it take a little bit of this cream blush. This is Charlotte Tilbury. I'm gonna do the same thing where I mix it on the back of my hand. This is a good base for the freckles we're going to do in a little bit. So it's gonna have like something for it to stick to. I'm also gonna apply some blush on my nose. Because you have like a nice suntan, your nose always gets a little bit pink. Of course my dark spots back I'll look like a frog. Okay, so now for the full fractals. I'm going to do a couple different methods to do a full Frankel video probably two or three years ago, but I'm going to take the next micro brown pencil and espresso to start and I'm going to start doing little dots, little freckles spread away. I'm gonna do a freckle over my tux perfectly to cover it up. Another method that I'm going to also do, I was eyebrow powder. This one's also my next I'm just gonna take a little bit on the spoolie. I'm gonna, since I have that cream blush already, it's perfect. I'm going to just apply this over and lightly tap it. I like to do a little bit at a time because I have tried this before and screwed it up. And that's not what I want to do. So it's so funny because I've talked to people that have real freckles that I've seen, like this trend that's been going on forever, and they're like, Why? It's always like, you won't make it home, you know. So now with this brush, I'm just gonna lightly Push sticks to the cream blush that I did. And then I'm going to now go in with actual pomade and a super tiny brush and do some darker freckles. So, I like using a bunch of different things that way. They're all kind of like different sizes, different colors. Take a little bit more, the cream blush. A little bit on my lips. And for letter music, vintage by and large Gosh add a little bit of a lash. I'm going to cut my Christina w SPS. I'm still on the outer edges of my eye. So I'm going to cut these in half. I like these because they're super super natural. Sounds like a little bit more dimension model. I'm gonna keep no mascara on my bottom lashes. I'm gonna do a little more or less a little. I'm gonna do a timeout on my island. So this is the final result. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I really love how like natural and fresh this makeup looks. And honestly I'm like all about these phone calls. I haven't done them in a while and I've actually kind of missed them as I do. Where we get the younger we want to look and I feel like this look right here is like perfect for exactly that. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Thank you so much for watching and until next time, I'll see you guys later 

