Hey guys, it's Jessie v. So if you're wondering why I look a little bit higher up than I was before, it's because I have a new YouTube stool for filming. I used to have like a short chair that I've had the past five years of having YouTube channel, but today I upgraded I'll show you a lifted look. You can see it right there. This is my new chair. And it's a lot taller. So I'm just getting used to like being more like above the moon. You know what I mean? And it like spins and stuff. I am just I love this look. I'm like four years old, but not only did I get a new YouTube stool, I redid my whole entire YouTube studio. It's all redecorated. It's all like finished. It looks so good and I can't wait to show you guys I'm probably We're going to be doing a studio tour in the next week or two, because I've never shown what my studio looks like in this house. And I've just I've been hiding it from you guys. And it's going to be coming out of hiding really soon. So yeah, just be patient with that, but I'm just excited anyways, so just over a week ago, I did a video about philosophy phobia, which was a fear of just the unknown things in the ocean or in deep water. And you guys really seem to like this new phobia series that I made. So I thought why not make another one. I was looking through a lot of your comments on that video. And you guys have so many different fears. So there's so many that I can cover but today we are covering this fear and I hope that I can pronounce it correctly. You already saw it in the title. It's a bit complicated. Give me a second to try. And it's called Auto matondo phobia. Automatic phobia. otamatone a phobia. I think I got it. It's an even longer word than the last time if you could imagine that. Basically. It's a fear of human like figures and a lot of people have this fear. It could be wax figures. It could be humanoid robots. It could be animatronics mannequins, dolls, anything that looks human figured but is not alive. Now. I don't have a really serious fear of this. I would say if I am afraid of anything that's human looking statues really freaked me out statues and sometimes dolls. And while I was researching this, apparently most people like 90% of people in the world have a nervousness when they approach certain figures like this. It doesn't mean you have a full blown phobia, but maybe you'll unconsciously just get nervous when you approach them. It's like an uneasiness like have you ever been to a wax museum before? As cool as it is and I really enjoyed going to one there's something about approaching figures that are not alive that is just so uneasy, automaton a phobia can relate to a couple other fears one of those fears is called mask a phobia. So obviously the fear of people wearing a mask if you ever go to Disney World or Disneyland and if you were afraid of the characters walking around, you probably have mask a phobia. So this is more of an actual human being but they're covering their face with something. So automaton a phobia, which we're covering today is sort of like a more general phobia that covers all those things I mentioned statues, wax figures, robots, anything that's not alive, but looks human. You know what I mean? So we're gonna be looking through photos and if you are afraid of any of the things I'm about to show you, you probably have this fear. So get ready. This part always makes me so nervous. But we're gonna do it. Okay, I'm just gonna move over a bit. move my nice new stool. So this first one is a human like mannequin sitting on a couch. And I think the most unnerving part about this is that she looks So natural sitting there because usually you see mannequins looking like totally like up straight stiff everything but she's almost in a relaxed position which makes her look more real and it's freaking me out so much to look at. And what's even more strange is that when I found this picture, it's said that it was in someone's house. So this is not a mannequin in the store. Someone actually owns this mannequin and lives with it. So to each his own, but I mean, this next one is a little boy mannequin, and I don't know what freaks you guys out more when the mannequin is wearing like human clothing or when it's just clothing lists, and it's just kind of standing there staring at you which one's more freaky. I think it's more freaky when they're dressed up to look like this like a little boy, this next one, it makes me feel so weird when you walk into a store and they have like unique mannequins. You know what I mean? So like, for instance, this one is sticking out his tongue which by the way, looks too big for his mouth. I don't know what's going on here. And I guess the I fell out by accident but like, you know, when you walk into stores and like instead of like your standard mannequins, they have ones that are like, and like doing different things like no. Oh man, imagine walking through this clothing store trying to find a nice outfit and you head to this weird shirt section at the back and this guy is staring at you. His face is like, I can't handle it. I would actually scream in this store by saw this. This is what I mean about unique mannequins. You know what they kind of look like, you know, the who's from Whoville and the Grinch. That's what they look like. It looks like a camel just came over and licked their hair and now it's kind of like this you know what I made it I don't know what this make you want to walk into this store? Because Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. So also ventriloquist dummies also fall into this category because like I said, it's a human like thing, but it's not alive. And oh, these dummies freak me out so much. And like, why is this person taking a picture of their newborn child with this thing looking into the crib and I hate Whoa, his hand is like kind of bear like it just looks so human. so creepy now. Oh, this next one. I don't know, guys. I mean, these are all like vintage photos of ventriloquist and back then this was like a really big deal. A lot of people were putting on shows with these dolls. People found it hilarious. People loved it. And I think over the years, it became more and more creepy because you don't really see this very often anymore. But yeah, these ventriloquists were very attached to their dolls. And that's why they took so many photos with them. And I don't know, I feel like they think they were their children or something. Oh, yeah. Like, why would you want this doll appearing over your shoulder like that? It doesn't make any sense to me. I can't. I don't know. And I mean, I'm not one to judge if this makes someone happy, then you know, do it good for you. But there's no way I would go to a photographer and be like, so can you take a picture of my creepy doll and I'll have it over my shoulder and he'll just be looking at me like this. Oh, man. Like I told you guys I am more afraid of statues than anything else. And this was taken a night vision I guess of someone walking through a graveyard. Imagine walking into this and don't get me wrong statues like this. They're so beautiful and an eerie way but I think approaching one at nighttime would just give me the heebie jeebies a little bit. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Why does the melt need to be open that wide? What was going through this person's head when he thought hey, I'm gonna make American look like this. Relax, close your mouth a bit. Relax. I think it's supposed to look really happy and like, you know, joyful, but I mean, take it down. Maybe 40% or 60% maybe it looks like I'm gonna walk through this store. And this thing's just gonna swallow me whole. You know? I don't get it. Oh, yeah, here we have another I think he's actually a doll maker. And he's taking a picture with all of his doll heads, you know, proudly displaying them and he's cool with it. He's totally fine with it, but I'm not so Of course we have the classic Chucky cheese so this is obviously an animatronic and this is sort of a more vintage picture so I probably saw this version of Chucky cheese when I was growing up because I was there in like the early 90s going to birthday parties and this this looks familiar for sure and it just looks like a depressed Chuckie cheese and it's probably good they changed the way he looks recently. Yeah, me and animatronics will never get along. So I guess this is a ventriloquist. That's what they call them, right? Because ventriloquist dolls so you must be the ventriloquist if you're the one controlling it right? Am I dumb? Anyways, this guy is putting on a show for little kids which you know, looking at it now it's freaky but I think back then they loved it. So I mean, what are we to do? It's weird how what freaks us out in this modern day and age didn't freak people out back then. It's weird how time changes your mindset. Oh, something about this. Like this. picture of this statue makes me so sad because I feel like I think she's crying over like a gravestone, which is heartbreaking. But at the same time, whenever a statue covers their face, I just get this feeling that I don't like, No, no, no, no, no, no, you're telling me, you're telling me they put happy faces on their mannequins? I think this whole store this whole clothing store, all of their mannequins have happy faces instead of like human faces. I just want to know who the creative designers are. For a lot of these mannequins. I genuinely want to know what their process was when they designed them. And I mean, cool, you know, hipster store. I'm trying to be different and have different mannequins cool. Maybe make them less scary. All right. Okay. Yep, this is another guy posing with his ventriloquist dummy. Why would they call dummies dummy? Is it because they're supposed to like be funny and dumb when they're on stage? And here is a family portrait. I think the is a husband and wife who both put on shows with these ventriloquist dolls. I don't know what like I said before when I see pictures of like stuff like this I feel like these two people have claimed these dolls and think they're their children. I get this bad. I feel like you could base a horror movie off of this, you know? Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yeah. Okay, this doll out of all of them looks the most human just because it's looking at the guy and he's like covering his mouth like, don't let them know you can talk now. Here's another one of those line mouth. mannequins in a random stores one's kind of like dirty and weird, but why? Why are stores taking this in? I just don't get it. Oh, man. This statute gives me the vibes like I just actually got chills looking at this. Like it's just so dark but intriguing. But also I wouldn't want to go that close to it. It's one of those things that you fear if you get too close, it'll suddenly move. You know what I mean? Oh, this one. Why is this look so oddly realistic. I think this was taken in a room filled with old broken mannequins. Have you ever walked into a room like that? Because I have before and it's the creepiest, especially when it's quiet and you're just staring at these broken dolls like all lined up in a row in a dark room. But yeah, anyways guys, those are all the photos we're gonna look at for automaton phobia. Did I say that right? I'm just gonna pretend I'm confident with the way I said and you guys will believe me But yeah, any of those photos gave you the creeps or actually made you really nervous you probably have this phobia let me know down below if you do it also comment other phobias that you want me to cover There are literally thousands of them this series could just be endless and a lot of you guys requested this phobia today, so let me know what you thought and Yeah, I definitely don't have this phobia like full blown but statues do freak me out. And mannequins do a little bit but definitely philosophy phobia was the worst so far. But who knows? I might find a fear while doing this series that freaks me out even more, but anyway. I hope you guys enjoyed this. I hope I didn't scare you too much. Remember the point of this series is not for me to like freak you out. I mean kind of, I guess but like not in a bad way. Sorry. Anyway, so I hope you have an awesome rest of your day and I will see you in my next video. 

