There's like those filters and then there's just there's like me and Gabby, though, do you want to be affectionate sisters for 24 hours or try to be affectionate? Hey guys, I'm Nikki and I'm Gabby. And there's some sisters that are raised like super like, Oh, I love you. Or they kiss each other goodbye. Or like, hang out together like for fun. There's those kind of collar sisters to see. To see. Yeah, there's like dough sisters, and then their sisters like me and Gabby. They're like, yo, Like what? Like, hi. sisters have been bickering over the last. She started attacking me in her comments. Now it just reminds me of this drama. So it's an audio. It's literally not worth it. We want to change it up for this channel. Obviously on this channel, we do a lot of challenges. We come up with a lot of challenges, and we came up with this idea. Dia to be the opposite of what we are as sisters. We want to be affectionate sisters for 24 hours or try to be affectionate way back five years ago, five years ago, we made a sister's expectations versus reality has like a million views. It's like one of our most popular videos on our channel and we decided we want to try all the expectations without doing the reality. Try them actually try them. Let's see if it works on a relationship. Let's see if we feel different towards the end. Okay, let's go. So the first affectionate thing we're going to do together is go have a date. Not like a date date but a coffee date. There's no Duncan you're going to Starbucks. Thank you for my rice krispie treats sister. Feed me Like a face mask you know instead of getting coffee, we totally should have gotten together because that's something we both bond over everyone on my channel when I was going through this phase where it was like, why she she got stung by a bee. I'm like even talking and our coffee date is cut short because of course we get yelled at for filming. People do not like cameras in their stores or places I guess we believe now. We just got yelled at. So we got kicked out of Starbucks that did not last long. newsflash, I always filmed in Dunkin and there's never an issue. You got me hooked up Duncan I used to be Starbucks girl. Well, this is something we're binding over. Do you got me hooked to Dunkin? I like Dunkin because of you so well. Now we are in the parking lot outside of the pole dancing place. So now we're going pole dancing. I'm really excited. We are going to share this sister activity together. I hope you don't get annoyed with how flashy m&e I'm more A special outfit under my sweatshirt on take Instagram pictures in my little stripper outfit on the pole game. Wait, what are we, together with? Whoa, that's actually cute. Okay, let's go. We love feeling hot and feeling ourselves. So I think this is the perfect activity for us to be honest. We were a little something. Oh. I was like can I turn up music a little bit? Yeah, here, we can make this shining. I used to dance back in the day. So I didn't realize your body kind of like saves muscle memory. And you just kind of pick back up even though I haven't danced and like probably were five years three. I look over and Gabby's like in the sparkly heels, bar. Title outfit. I feel like she's having fun feeling hot doing this. She's really feeling herself. It's just so painful honestly, like it's, it's a lot of work. There you go. I get so fed up with the heels and the fishnet. I just take them off. They're getting in the way of me actually being able to do cool things. What did you think about the pole class? I thought college should be the second videographer watching. I was jealous. I saw how neat was looking at you. Really? I saw that. Kiss me know. Nate, let's make her own profession. You know, I can fire my employee. Okay. So now we're on our way to go sister shopping and have a sister shopping spree. Nikki and I have not gone shopping together and so long and we're shopping for matching outfits. We have an appointment at JC Penney at the portrait studio. Are we supposed to match? I feel like we should get like corny like the thumbnail of our sister expectation versus reality video insert here like a match like do like a 2.0 version. Usually when I'm shopping for photoshoots I like to go very extra and bold and this is definitely different for me. I hate skinny jeans I like straight like pants like these why we have to wear jeans like that. I can't really wear skinny. This is gonna take so long. I hate skinny jeans. I like bell bottoms or straight like, I'm just like walking around American you go like, what am I doing in here? I got mom jeans and she got skinny jeans. Same thing Gabby said we have to get cream sweaters so so now we're on our way to our sister photoshoot to take affectionate sister photos. These photos for like our parents like sister photos. We have to back options and we chose to an outdoor boat outdoor bokeh. It kind of looks like a spring. It's like a school photo. Sister photo poses a guarantee they're gonna be cheesy. Gabby stand with your arm like this I want to see and then I have to go like that does not look natural at all. Look, it looks good in here. So the photoshoot i think is going pretty good. I think the last time we took photos like this was when we were like five wait moms are gonna seriously love you. So we're just doing all these like cheesy senior portraits. was last time you guys did this like 1999 I think Nikki and I Loki look like a couple during this photo shoot and it's weirding me out. Especially since a lot of you guys ship us Or like all you guys that are new think we're a couple are not twin. So now we have to hug you guys know it's weird. I don't know why it's weird. It's like It's like I'm hugging myself go Oh, just heard each other back here. These photos are very cheesy. Oh my god, I'm excited to see these looks like we're on The Bachelor fighting for the rose. Well that's, you know that's cute Can you good So we're gonna end this challenge last day with having a sister spawn I I feel like Gabby and I have common ground with that we love to love ourselves and take care of ourselves. bodies are my thing. I think this is going pretty good and I think we should do bodies or nights more often. This whole sleep over thing is chill and I think Nikki and I's relationship is always put in like such a strong setting. Like, it's good to have a relaxing setting for once. I'm surprised Nikki and I didn't fight today. I thought I saw it coming in the beginning when we got coffee, but it didn't happen. Alright guys, so that was our sister bonding. Yeah, I don't even know what this was. But let us know in the comments below if you guys thought it was a success, or if you didn't think it was a six 700 Oh, it's not based on them. Do you think it was a success? Yeah, I know my confessional. Yeah, I said, I think it's just it was a success because we didn't fight. Wow, you're right. The only thing we really fight over is like filming like times and schedules but like other than that we have fun together. That's why I said like, when I hang out I think he is always like with friends, but like we've never hung out one on one because it's like, you know, like, you work with each other. It's, you know, you It's complicated. Those subscribers who are older and maybe have business with your sister definitely understand. It's like when you're in a relationship and you see each other too much. It's like, you start fighting over the dumb stupid shit when you take each other for granted. And I think being sisters and working together This is weird saying work cuz it doesn't feel like work. But, you know, we do like go to meetings together and we do travel together and we do a lot together. And I feel like when it's a lot, you just start to nitpick. And I feel like had we gone to different colleges and like really had different experiences. We definitely would still be best friends and not have this stuff going on. For sure. And I hope this video shows you guys that we do care about a relationship and we are always trying because sisters are the friends you're born with and you have them for life so it's important be sure to hit subscribe and click the bell if you guys want to be the first people to see our 2020 uploads. We have a lot of different content coming this year. I'm excited. I enjoyed this. This was fun. Yes. And we will see you guys in our next video. Happy Valentine's happy balanced twins month. 

