Hey guys, if you're new to our channel, I'm JC and I'm Casey. And today Casey is going to go to a thrift store and buy me some outfits for spring break. And I did this for her and I think I chose some pretty good outfits. So if you guys want to check it out, we will link it up here. I'm so excited that it's my turn that I can buy her outfits because I feel like she chose really good ones because I know it's there. Sure. And sometimes it's hard to find things there. So I'm kind of nervous. I'm excited to see what she's going to choose for me so Casey is going to go shopping and then I'll get to see the outfit. Hey guys, I just drove to the thrift store. I'm gonna go inside and also I wanted to tell you guys that I just got a car this is my car and I drove I'm so happy Oh my goodness. I want to show you guys my car. So let me know if you ever want to see like a video on that. Anyways, besides that, I'm gonna go inside find outfits for the entire week for JC to where I'm kind of nervous because that's a lot of clothes, and I usually am so picked thrift stores. So let's see if I can find stuff. I have been looking around everywhere to find like a normal black shirt, and there's a lot but like they just have designs on them. And I ended up finding this one. So this is going to be my first outfit. And I just have to find like short skirt or jeans to pair with this, so I'm gonna have to find that. But right now I'm going to start with the shirt. I found this but it's not my favorite, but I can't find anything else though like it's cropped at the I hate stripes. I don't know. We'll have to see Oh, it's just so it's harder than I thought it was gonna be. Oh, I'm looking around and I found this shirt and it's like the life is good one and it's really cute. It's just go with the flow. So cute. But like that's besides like my outfit. Like I found this like normal black shirt, but it's kind of boring. Like I need a fun like you're having a tough time, guys. I don't know how JC did this. The tank top section is so hard to look through because they're all flowing and I'm trying to find like, like a tight one. This is the only one I could find. It's not my favorite color. Because it's so white and I have such like light skin like I feel like that's not like a really good color for me to wear. But I mean, I'm giving us a JC so to get off to where it's so hard to find something but this is the only time when I could find she could like roll it. I know it's really long. It's from Forever 21 it's kind of cute. It has a V but I have to find like shorts but with that maybe something else I don't know that mannequins kind of scary. I don't want to spoil the outfits. And so I'm just gonna look at the pants. No, I guess like shorts and skirts to match with the shirts that I got. Like I want some of them to be a surprise you know, oh my goodness. black skirt. Cute, kinda cute, trendy. I just saw it right now it's kind of cute. There's also this other one with these buttons. These are more like, pronounced and the other ones but I can't tell which one I like better. I think the other one is too small. This was so small. So I'm gonna have to go with this one. It's velvet, but it has a lot of buttons like q flashpay. That was one of like the tops that I got. Now, I should look at jeans. They have such a heat selection here, but I think I'm going for black jeans and wow, there's actually a lot of black jeans I could choose from I know I said black jeans, but I just found these really cute gray ones. And they're high waisted, which is perfect because most of the things that I got are kind of drop. So you know, pair this with one of the tops, gray jeans. I like them a lot. They're like big too. They're not like skinny jeans like I feel like that's in right now. So it's those and then I want to try looking at like, shorts but like flowy shirts like I feel like Be really cute to pair with one of the tank tops that I got. I just found these flowy shorts that I really like. They're colored and I think it would go really good with this tank top that I got. So then again, I'm not gonna spoil it because I actually really like this outfit. And so I think it has everything I have five outfits. And now I want to choose a dress and she chose a just for me. She's getting a dress to or like a romper something cute for spring, you know? So let's go do that. Let's go to the dress section. I think my shopping is done. I think I got all the outfits. I really hope I did a better job than her. This is so hard like he mistook me, like over an hour or an hour maybe so hard, but I think I'm done shopping and I'm gonna check out. Then I'm gonna go home and show her the outfits and she has to try them. I'm excited. Hey guys, I'm back from the thrift store and I have all my outfits picked out and I'm ready to show them to JC I'm super excited to see what What Casey chose for me I remember how hard it was to find outfits at the thrift store so it took me a while but I actually really happy with the things that I got. So I'm gonna show you them also these outfits that I got. It's more my style not me trying to find her style. Yeah, that's what I did for my outfits too. Yeah. For Monday's outfit or the first outfit. I got her this light blue tank top and she can always fold it. I know it's a little long, but oh, you could tuck it in little basic. I like it. Yeah. It was really hard to find tank tops that were tight. There's so many flowy ones but it wouldn't look good with this skirt. I wanted to get you Oh that's so cute. The buttons all the way down to Yes. So I'm going to tuck it in. So it's like that. Yes. Okay. I'm excited to try this on. I think you did a good job for your first off a thank you though. I would never choose a skirt like this. Why? I don't know. I don't like the buttons all the way down. Well, you know, that was probably the best one. They had. Okay, I'm gonna go try this first off and on. This is the first sound that I chose for JC and I love it. It looks so good on you. I think this is so cute. And I really like how the skirt matches with the top like I kinda was judging it before. But now that I've turned it on, I think that it's super cute. So thank you Casey for this outfit. I like it. Yeah, you like it? Casey did a really great job for the first one, so I can't wait to see what other outfits she picked out for me. This one's very interesting. My next one Oh, Mo scary for Tuesday. I got these red shorts. I actually love them and I thought that was pretty cool. It has like a belt but it's not really about around it. It's just like design. Oh my gosh, I like them and they're red which is like Wow, that's so like different for me because I love like basic things, but I thought they were really cute. And I'm just going to pair it with this like really simple black t shirt. Oh, that's cute. This is something JC would wear. This is something I would wear recently. I've been worn A lot of ride and like run leggings with a block top so that's kind of a good outfit for me. Here you go red and black. Let me go try this on. This is the next outfit Tuesday's and it's really cute but I didn't realize how open the shirt is a little open. I really liked the shirt. The shorts however, don't slip up. I think they're a little broken. Oh, well, they're from a surf store so that's probably why they got the return. Yeah, we could probably fix those but this is super cute with the red and black I like it a lot. It's so cute on you. Even though this outfit is a little uncomfortable to wear. I do like it a lot. Okay, good cuz I was really trying without What? I was trying to make it more in your style a little bit. I like it for this next outfit. It's Wednesday, and I was actually going for something she would wear. I personally wouldn't wear this because she's insane. She likes flowy skirts and she doesn't have one she wants one. So this is my best try to get a blood skirt. Oh wow, I actually do like this one a lot like it's flowy at the bottom. It's like I wanted a mini skirt. This kind of is like a mini skirt. I'm pretty sure and yeah, so pretty. And then to match with that I have this black tank top. This is actually really hard. This is gonna be a really cute outfit. I'm excited to try this. Oh, you like it? Oh my gosh. Yay. Okay, I'm gonna go try this on now. I feel like she would wear that I would I actually really liked the skirt on you. JCS kind of like scared about it because it's very interesting. I love this type of outfit. Like it's a skirt. I don't really love knitting. It's a little bit strange. I just like keep going like this, but I think that it's really cute. And I've been wanting a skirt like this for so long. Now I have one. Yay. This skirt is literally my favorite. I love it. Really? Yeah, it's literally so cute. Okay, I did good guys. For this next outfit Thursday. This one's probably my favorite one I chose because I found this really cute tank top and I know it's like houses Topic so that's so small. Oh, this is so cute. You can adjust the straps. I'm gonna need to tiny It's so cute. I love that and I was trying to find like high waisted jeans to put with God. I found these like gray mom jeans. Okay, so hopefully they're high waisted enough I think that is a really good offer that you just made really I'm really excited. I really hope it fits well. Okay, we're gonna try this on and hopefully it does fit. I love this outfit. It looks so cute. I love the jeans this shirt so awesome. I really do like this outfit. I'm really happy with this one. I think my favorite part is probably the jeans for sure there's so like comfortable to really like mom jeans for Yeah, also at this talk. I'm pretty sure there's supposed to be a button here so would have been more appropriate but it broke. Oh no. And now it's just like open but I think it's cute. Why did everything get just like broken or like, I don't know. She really got me broken clothes. So I'm sorry. I'm not sure you Nice outfit, but I also have something special for JC or excited. So these are the shorts. Oh, it looks like a skirt. I know they do. I love them. They're so cute. Oh dang, I actually like those a lot better than the skirt. I got you. Wow, I think these are really cute. I think you're gonna really like this outfit because it is paired with this black to talk. And I feel like this is like so you it is I'm doing this tonight. I literally wear black two tops with everything like skirts, jeans, everything. So this is such a me outfit. Wow. Whoa, you did a good job on this one. Thank you. I'm excited. I'm gonna go try this on. I won't miss outfit. I probably said that about every one of them. But that sounds so cute. This one is super cute. I love black tube tops and B shorts are really nice and flowy for the spring, and I would definitely post this on Instagram. Yeah, I take a picture in it. It's definitely probably one of the most comfy ones that I got her Yeah, it's really comfy. I would definitely go This outfit in the summer and in the spring and it's so comfy Yeah, I'm glad you like it. This is the last outfit that I chose for you. Very nice surprise because you got a new dress. I thought he would even cuter dress I get a dress to Wow, I I thought this is so cute. It's denim and like, but then it's soft over here like I love this so much and I really think you're lucky and you kind of feel like someone homemade this like this just seems like something someone would be I don't see that at store is so pretty. I love it. Wow, this is really my style too. You could like go to the country and like on a jet denim jacket. Yeah, that'd be so cute. Okay, I'm gonna try on my last outfit. This is such a cute dress guys. I love it. I know what it was at thrift store though. It is missing a couple of like the sparkles and a little sequins on it like the buttons wherever it is. That's okay. I didn't even notice when he first showed it to me and now I have it on I think it's super cute. It gives me Hannah Montana knives, right? It died. Yeah, Montana. Super cute. I think that this dress is adorable. So thank you so much for giving me this extra little gift. I think it's so cute. You're welcome. Now that we've gone through all the outfits, I think Casey did a great job at shopping for me at first spring break. And my favorite outfit that you chose for me was definitely this pink one and little mom jeans. Yes. Yeah, that was my favorite outfit that I chose for you too. I feel like this is the most Instagram worthy outfit too. So not the other one. I tried really hard in this challenge. It was actually so hard to find like yeah, cute trendy things that would they match together. And I noticed some of the things like ripped or didn't have like the right things but I'm sorry I tried. It's okay. She did a good job regardless. However, I do have my least favorite outfit since you showed me yet your least favorite and definitely the red shorts and This blacktop they just like, I don't know the shorts aren't my favorite and the top was so uncomfortable but okay, I'm sorry. You had a least favorite in my video. So speaking of my video if you've watched both of our videos where we have shopped for each other for spring break at the thrift store, please vote up in the polls who you think did a better job at buying clothes for their sister JC or Casey I kind of think it was really good outfit, so you guys should check that video out if you haven't seen it. Oh, look at her. She was really cute that I chose that outfit. Also, if comments are still disabled here on YouTube, please go to our Instagram at JC and Casey and let us know what other types of videos you'd like to see us post. And if you like calls or clothing videos, or if you'd like to see us buy things for each other. We like doing that as well. We hope you enjoyed this video. If you liked it, please give it a big thumbs up and please share with your family and your friends. And if you're new to our channel or haven't subscribed yet, please subscribe because we'd love for you to join our feed each family. Thank you so much for watching. I will see you next time. We love you so much. Bye. I'm just out here vlogging everyone's staring at me. bonkers. Just kidding. 

