You know, it's interesting how you can feel like you're doing well in life and making progress and taking care of yourself Mind Body soul, really focusing on the skincare routine, you know, losing weight feeling a little bit thinner. And then you get in front of all the lights and the Ultra HD camera Who's shooting in 4k and you just look at yourself and think Oh, nevermind. So welcome back to my channel you guys light is so crazy right now for everybody that I have been kind of struggling with like what to film and what to do. I've been spending a lot of time on Instagram stories just like doing like random daily stuff just like showing you guys random things around my house because I'm just kinda like, you know, making things work while being quarantine. You know, I'm doing a lot of coloring. I'm doing so much reorganizing and just rearranging in my house and redecorating if you will, with the things that I have focusing a lot on myself. I haven't really been doing much makeup but when I do makeup, I'm doing a very, very very minimal amount and it's so interesting because when you get used to seeing yourself with absolutely no makeup whatsoever and those around you get used to seeing you with no makeup whatsoever when you put on a small amount it's like oh my god like the other day I was wearing this exact makeup look that I'm going to do here today on camera. I couldn't believe how much my boyfriend was complimenting me he's just like you're so beautiful your skin is so glowy Your eyes are so gorgeous and I'm like geez just because I put on some makeup just a little bit of makeup like the compliments are just overflowing so I figured that this is just like the perfect time to film something easy, breezy. It makes you feel good. You know we're in quarantine right now at least I'm in quarantine right now in the state of Florida. I don't know when that's going to be up. So let's just start doing our makeup. Let's just do something easy. I definitely like want to push you guys if you love makeup, don't let yourself fall into like a depression during this time. throw on some mascara, throw on some gloss do like a little concealer makes you feel fresh, you know and then you start getting into the routine of doing your makeup and then it just it makes you feel better makes want to do other things in your house throughout the day too. And you don't just lay there Feel like a piece of garbage which can so easily happen to so many of us So, Alright, let me jump into my makeup. I look at my brushes. I literally said there you go grab a few brushes for my easy makeup routine. And then here we are just a few brushes that are needed. Okay, I'm going to pin my hair back to get all this out of my face. I tried the new it's not new at this point. It came out a while ago but it's the Dyson hairdryer that has like the attachable heads on it and you can like give yourself a blot on all that jazz. I tried it honestly guys, I don't see any difference whatsoever. My hair looks just as crappy as always and it gave me a lot of frizz a lot and I'm normally not a frizzy person. Look at that tan on my wrist. Y'all know who I feel like right now. My hair. Like this, what's his name? Orlando Bloom and Lord of the Rings. That's how I feel right now. So first things first that I always do for this easy makeup look and I do for every Look, it doesn't matter what I'm doing is i prime my face. I personally over the years have become a very big believer in primer. And I definitely have recommendations for primers that I personally love. I think the primer is very much like skincare in the sense that it is truly a person to person basis what's gonna work for me might not work for you. It depends if you're oily, if you're dry, if you're combination, like what your issues are and what you're trying to achieve. Like if you're someone who your makeup does not stay on all day and you have really bad issues with it. Just kind of like breaking up and separating. You're gonna want something stickier if you're oilier you're gonna want something more mattify it's there's two different types of primer I personally, I've been using this one now for years as the sissy one it is so ridiculously expensive. I don't understand how that you can get away with charging as much as I do because people like me, the dumb asses of the world, they go out and they continue to repurchase it and that's why they get away with murder, but it's worth it because it's my favorite primer of all time. If you cannot afford primer or if you don't want to use primer or you don't own primer, just use a moisturizer like wash your face like cleanse, moisturize and then get to your makeup within like 20 minutes and that just having like that moisture that fresh moisture on the skin will help to make up more than just like dry skin that has been completely untouched for hours after priming. The first thing I do is I go in with concealer because this is not going to be like a full face routine. I am going to cover the whole face but in a very different way than I normally do. And when it comes to concealer, I have three concealers I have been loving right now and they're all different price points. So the one that I've been using is the Pat McGrath concealer. This is a new formula that she just came out with and it is so beautiful, but it's Pat McGrath her packaging her formulas, they're always very expensive. They're very luxurious. So this is going to be a price your concealer. Your next step down is going to be tart shaped tape that's going to be a little less expensive. And then underneath that the least expensive is going to be the Morphe concealer so it's going to be high middle and lo I honestly love all three of them so much but if I'm being totally real, you guys are going to be What the hell Jacqueline cuz I've been so dedicated to tart shaped tape. I actually can officially say that I like the Morphe one more I know I know people are gonna be like oh my god it's because you're so close with Morphe maybe I am but I love the Morphe one I actually like the wand of the Morphe one so much more. I think that's the thing that like really makes me love it but those are concealers three from price points and they're all so amazing. The Pat McGrath one does oxidize mean is going to get a little bit darker on your skin after having on for about 30 minutes so if you are looking for a concealer definitely go a little bit lighter rather than darker because it's going to deepen on your on your skin tone. So what we'll do we'll do I'm going to go in with Pat McGrath in the shade l m 11. Because I do have a spray tan on my body it's wearing off on my face as you can see I'm like getting old pinky and Rosie but I do have a spray body as you can clearly tell this is just this is rough ladies and gentlemen and I'm going to go and with this hourglass brush right here. They sent this to me in PR a few weeks ago and I've just really been liking it and I will use my beauty sponge as well. But this one Just kind of been my routine recently. I just kind of dab this all over the cheek area first. And then I'll go in and blend out with my beauty sponge This is not necessary, you do not have to use this brush first, you can go straight in with your beauty sponge or however you want to apply it. Honestly dropping this and going with your fingers is another great alternative. I actually have done this quite a few times the past I would say two months because I have forgotten how well your fingers work on the skin. You know, they say that these are the natural makeup brushes that God gave us. And when you use your fingers, it just makes the product melt down into the skin so beautifully. So if you don't have brushes that you like, or if you can't afford brushes, or whatever it may be, use your fingers to do your concealer and foundation. I did it for years and I loved it. So don't forget the power of your fingertips like no lie. That looks freaking amazing on my under eye right now and I just use my fingers to do that. So there you go. I'm going to take that same shade and Just drag it down here. Yes, what I am doing right now seems a little crazy because it's like why not just use a foundation, don't ask. This is just my way of doing things I love using concealer on my face, but a small amount it's just I don't know there's something different about the formula of concealer is all over the skin and it is a small amount of it that I love. If I go on Foundation, I immediately get too heavy handed like immediately I can't control myself and I put so much on but when I use concealer, I use a very light amount and it's mostly counting on a BB cream because with this look, I still want to be able to see my skin I don't want it to look like I have a full mask on like I do when I'm doing a full face of makeup with lashes and a smoky eye and that whole vibe. I definitely want it to be like okay, yeah, she's wearing makeup but like she looks fresh more than anything. So if you have freckles for instance, in this makeup look, you're going to still want to be able to see a little bit of your freckles. They're just gonna look faded. The only reason we're putting on concealer is just to even out the skintone not necessarily to cover things up. If you want to cover up a blemish, you know like I have one Right here, I'll cover it up a little bit with this. You can go on with a thicker thick year a thicker creamier concealer like a Bobby Brown like pot concealer, that's like much thicker can see there's a common Potter always thicker than concealers that come in tubes, they're always thinner. So if you want to cover up a spot of any sort whether it's a dark spot if it's a mole if it's a freckle if it's a blemish of any sort, get like a thick concealer, and then you can put on before your concealer, let it sit for like 60 seconds, kind of dab on the edges and then go in with a liquid concealer like this on top of it and that's gonna be the best way to cover up any blemish but other than covering up blemishes. We want to see the skin in this makeup look. I always always always put just a little bit of concealer on my eyelids. I'm not actually swiping on my leg. I'm just taking what's left over on my beauty sponge and just lightly going over my lid especially for me because I am such a naturally fair toned woman I have so many veins on my eyelids and if I don't cover that up, it's like oh bitch, like why is the rest of your face perfect and I can see all these blue veins popping through your eyelids. So I always just do Really, really, really send them out. popped on there to cover that up. I'm going to grab one shade lighter and I'm just going to put a tiny bit right here just to blend that out on my under eye just for a little dimension. Nothing crazy but I always like my under it to be a little bit lighter in tone. Something else I wanted to mention if you are a makeup artists This is an incredible Carvel palette it comes in three different tones. It comes in a warm, a cooler and a neutral. If you're not a makeup artist and you sweat this in general it's so amazing. I used to use this back in the day guy I used to have this in my freelance Kit 10 years ago. Just so wild you guys I am turning 30 this year what the hell this is the graph Toby and cosmetics foundation and concealer right here. This is the warm kit. I have several of them like I said it comes in three for working makeup artists. This is such a beautiful foundation to use as foundation and concealer and this is something that I also do. If I don't want to use concealers I will just take a brush and dab it in my colors and literally just like spot corrector on my face and move on. Just doing that tiniest step curling your lashes, putting in some clear brow gel It's not going to be like oh holy Wow You look amazing but it's just going to freshen up the face a little bit just putting on a little concealer and I'm not talking about what I have on right now I'm talking about just like little spot characters a little bit under your eye. A little bit of redness around your nose just some touch ups but the graph Tolkien palettes are incredible and I've recently fallen in love with them. Okay, so now for bronzer I'm gonna go on with a cream bronzer. I have two that I love and Sally they are both luxurious brands and they are very expensive. The first one is your right here this is the air flash foundation. And this is ridiculously beautiful it looks like skin when it goes on it just like melts into the face. And then right here buy Chanel again another luxurious brand This is the soul a Tandy Chanel. Yes I finally have that right after like eight years of trying to pronounce that. Another cream bronzer. I love this one so much. This one is super super, super easy to apply more so than the Dior air flash because this is a spray and if you're a beginner, you might kind of struggle with it. Now there are tons and tons and tons of different cream contours out there cream, bronzers whatever it is you're looking for. Sorry, my Nose itching. I have the worst allergies right now. And it looks like I'm picking my nose all the time but it is what it is. But these two are just my personal favorites never gonna lie to you guys and mislead you guys I do love the Smashbox contour six right here I have this one shade. It comes in two shades and then a highlighter shade. I really love these. I've used them for years. But for today's Look, I want something that's a little bit thicker and actually a little pencil it's too tedious and time consuming. I want something I can lose go into bronze bronze, bronze, bronze, bronze and then move on with life. I honestly haven't been able to find one. That's amazing. That is a really inexpensive price point. Which is just how it sometimes works you guys like I've noticed now I'm really diving in so deep into checking out so many different factories and working on product development for my own brand and like really getting to know product and ingredients. I've realized why so many of these brands charge so much like as a consumer I'm like, you're just greedy. Why are you charging so much for this? Like why can't you lower the prices come on. Now I'm realizing like, Oh, I wanted to do this palette that was like, such a genius idea in my mind that I was like people are gonna freaking love this but for this palette Not even having incredible packaging, just the product inside the pallet was going to cost $65 retail in order for me to make any profit, and like $65 for a pallet, they're like, yeah, it's because you came here and you requested these ingredients and requested such a high, like luxurious product with such incredible ingredients. And I'm like, Oh, I'm starting to understand more. There are some brands who literally just slap their logo on it, and they're like, we're gonna overcharge. But there's other brands who are genuinely putting out incredible products and they have to charge that price because of that. So it's just so interesting. You know, it's so interesting getting to see like the behind the scenes of really how this industry works and the prices and everything. It's just, it's crazy. But anyways, I don't know I've gone off on a tangent, but I'm just gonna pick up this little buffer brush right here. This is the morphine m 449. I'm going to use this to put on my bronzer. I'm going to use the Chanel watch because it is so dang easy. So I'm going to roll that brush around and I always have a paper towel when I'm doing my makeup. And I just dab off a little bit of the excess so that it's not too aggressive. I was going to take that and start to apply it from the tops of my cheekbones. I've always said it, you want to start up by the top of your ear and start to bring it down towards the corner of your mouth, your mouth and same thing every time I go in, I get a little bit more and I tap off a pinch of the excess. So that's not too aggressive when I go in on the cheeks. We're gonna bring that down a little bit because we're not contouring today like we're not trying to get a snatch look, we're just trying to walk the face and look nice and fresh and supple and dewy, youthful glowy all the above up around the hairline. As always, I never forget the step. If you have a really small forehead, you don't have to do this, like a tiny little forehead like Kylie Jenner's forehead. You don't have to put bronzer up there. But if you've got a normal sized forehead to a bigger forehead, always always slap some bronzer on that bitch makes the face just overall looks so much more put together and will also give the appearance of a smaller forehead and Anytime I go on with cream anything I always go over with my beauty sponge just to make sure that if there's any brush marks whatsoever This is just gonna make sure that that all melts away and gets pressed back into the skin. So now let's go on to blush so now we have nothing but creams on our faces right and same faces as if you're all doing this with me the exact same time but there's nothing but cream on my face right now we've got the concealer and the bronzer and that's it we don't have any powder. So therefore, if we're going to go on with powder, any seasons we're setting powder otherwise we're gonna get blotchy we can't just go in with a powder blush right now. Otherwise it is going to kind of like across the face unless you have a super matte concealer on or a super matte foundation cream blush I'm going to go in with this color pop blush stick. I think this is semi new. It's called blush sticks with an X. They sent this to me I got it just a couple of weeks ago. This is the shade under pressure. It's like a really pretty Coralie shade. So instead of going in and just putting it directly on my cheeks, because if you do that can almost act like an eraser. I just kinda like removed the product already on there. So I'm going to do about Grab a brush, this is the J h oh eight. So I'm going to take it directly off there. I'm going to get quite a good amount of product all over this brush like so damn a pinch off matrix out too strong. And I'm going to go in all over the apples of the cheeks just stamping it with a cream brought blush, I actually like to go closer to the nose than I typically would, especially when we're doing like a fresh look that I'm doing today. And we're not going to be focusing on the eyes much at all. I love that blush look even if you sweep it across the nose, which I'm going to do a pinch on the nose as well before I'm done with this, but I like to put it literally on the direct apples and kind of bring it up here and just kind of melt it into the bronzer and take it back a little bit and I'm going to take that and just go like right here on the tip of my nose and then we're going to go in it looks crazy right now but that is why we always go back with a bunch. This is like the saving grace to All makeup honestly doesn't matter you're working with cream or powder going in with this just puts everything in place and makes it look so blended out and smooth over the nose. I don't know if you can see the difference on camera between this cheek and this cheek This one has only been used by the brush. This one has been used by the damn beauty sponge and this one is definitely choppy and not looking fresh or good where this one is much more blended, looking airy and fresh. So we're just gonna do the exact same thing and there's really no power to it you just dab dab dab all over. Okay, so now that I have on my cream blush, my cream bronzer and all the creams I'm going to go in I'm going to set my under eye and my under eye only because I want my face to stay super dewy and I do not want it to get mad that's the point of this and also once we start setting then it's like we got to go with more products. Okay, now we have to rebuild the blush rebuild this and it's like we don't want to do that. I want to keep this as is just looking fresh and healthy and skin like so. I'm going to go in with two products at my under eye because I'm just high maintenance when it comes To my under eye and everything else in life. So this is the Kat Von D palette right here I'm going to go in with the middle shade which is a yellow base. I'm going to mix it with the bare minerals well rested This is a powder made for the under eye makes you very fresh and very rested. It's going to take my brush and put a little bit of both on to it. I take it in no corner and then I just bring it down inside the nose and back up right there on the very top of the cheekbone because I don't want to set all of this. I only want to set the under eye with a very light amount if you get heavy handed, it's going to defeat the purpose once again because it's gonna look just like powder on your under eye and it's gonna start to look creepy and dry because the rest of your skin is not going to have powder on it. So make sure you're very light handed it will also take that and set my eyelids with that as well just so that it looks all even around this area. And because I did put a little bit of concealer on my eyelids I do not want that to crease either. So now we have the eye area set It is looking bright and white, which is totally fine and everything comes together in the end. That's how it always works right? Okay, so I'm going to go on with one of my products right here. This is a Jacqueline cosmetics loose highlight. This is actually one of the mood lights because it came out with three different types of highlights for holiday. And this is in the shade feeling it so it is a much darker shade than my complexion much, much darker. But that's the point is I'm going to take this and I'm going to put it all around the cheeks. Now if this was not the mood light formula, I would not be doing this I would not do this with a bronzer of any sort. Unless it was super, super, super fine the way the mood light is and it has that beautiful shimmer in it so it's not going to get patchy because as we know, a matte product can get patchy so much easier than something with shimmer. And the more shimmery it is, the easier it's not going to get patchy. So that's why I'm using this specific shade right here. So I'm going to dip my brush into it like that type of a little bit of excess and then I'm going to go in on The cheek area and just softly apply that and I just do a little bit at a time because I do not want to see like this big drastic difference. I'm just using this to kind of set that area and like a really beautiful glow along with some bronze do it. This is actually something that I just started recently doing. I was not doing this up until just like maybe a month ago. And now every single time I do my makeup, I do this because I just think that it's so pretty. And it's very sheer and effortless. It's not like BAM has major huge like impact. It just looks so pretty for every day. For my eyelids. I'm going to the easiest thing in the entire world. I'm literally going to take two shades right here. This is from my original Jaclyn Hill palette right here with Morphe it's going to grab two shades and literally just dust it in my crease when she light promotions back and forth. I'm looking at myself doing this in a mirror that's like four feet away from me right now I can barely see what I'm doing but it doesn't matter. I'm just going to put this all over. This is like literally how models do their makeup and I don't understand how they do This like all the time, it just looks so perfect because for me, I'm like, this is the quick, effortless like running out the door, 10 minute, maybe 15 minute look, but I cannot get away with this every single day of my life like I need more than just this, but somehow it just comes together and works. But do you see the difference that just those two shades made, it just gave a little bit of dimension to the eyes and the eyes It looks so forgotten about and that's going to take a stiff little definer brush and just hit it with a dark brown shade. And then I'm just going to so lightly and effortlessly just hit the top of my lashes or right like this. And that's literally at fresh shadow. boom, done. Okay, so for eyebrows, I'm going to go in with the anastasiia Brow Definer. I use a shade medium brown as a brand new one. I either do this or I do the brow pomade. It doesn't really matter. I go back and forth. I'm going to hit it with this today. And I'm going to do my eyebrows so natural, you're going to be a little shook because I'm going to basically not touch them. I'm just going to Fill in little gaps that I have, the more like you want to be the further down you want to hold your tool. If it's a makeup brush, if it's a wand, like you're casting spells, the more likely you want to be hold it down a bit lower. If I'm going to hold up here, we're going to get much more pigment and a lot more intense. So I'm holding it down low and then just doing little sweeps. No mama needs to trim these brows do. And that's it. I didn't even touch the whole brow and not touch the inner corner I literally just filled in little spots throughout it that took me I'm not kidding 20 seconds to do. And that's it. You can see the difference between this and this just as far as definition but we do not want to start filling this in so aggressively that now we take away the femininity of like the blessing cheeks blessing, the blessing, the mercy cheeks and the bronze skin all that we want to keep it nice and light and feminine. So we don't wanna get too heavy handed on the brows. My left brow always gives me problems, but he's more like your sister. If I don't set my eyebrows and I leave the house. It's like that's all I could think about all day. I'm like Oh my god Am I constantly in the mirror like combing them properly because I want my brows to sit a certain way and only like super glue makes that happen. So that's why I use an aggressive amount of eyebrow gel. So now before I go on with mascara, I'm going to set my face because I don't like to set my face after I have mascara on as of recently especially I'm doing this look because then my mascara bleeds so I'm going to go in with an oily base setting spray. I typically use the Morphe setting spray but for this look I actually prefer to go in with something that's a little bit more do we so I'm going to go in with the Pharsalia rosegold skin mist, the Tata dewy luminous skin Mrs. Great Delilah be a glow face Miss is great. This is just what I have right now in front of me. So I'm going to go and with this and just cover my entire face. And then depending if I feel like I'm still not as good as I want to be, I'll go in with a second layer or a third or seventh You guys I'm working on settings right now that is Oh, bitch. So I'm gonna say this oh bitch You should name it oh bitch can I'm going to set my face with Oh batch. That sounds pretty good. It's got like a little ring to it you know, honey that glow is coming through my mistake All right you guys so no i i have been trying to get this to dry for five minutes I don't understand what's happening. I've been using this spray for so long and I've never ever ever seen it make me look this dewy. Like when I say do I'm oily like Look at me. Look at how aggressive that is like it's intense like, I've never ever gotten this oily from it before. And it's not wanting to dry and I'm like what's going on and I want to go in with my sponge and dab it out. But I know that if I do it over my cheeks, it's gonna destroy my blush and bronzer so I'm kind of stressed right now. Oh, crap. Oh, bad things already happening. All right, you know what, this is great. This is a good video because you guys are gonna see what happens when you get up and we're fixing our ups. Okay, okay, all right. That's better than the side. The side is aggressive but now we are a little patchy over here. That's all right. Everything's gonna be okay. This is not bad, it's just not good. Okay, so at this point what I have done is I have gone over my entire face obsessively with my damn beauty sponge and then I put a little bit more of the Kat Von D pattern is under my eyes because that setting spray broke it up so much. And now I'm going to go back in with a little bit of that Chanel bronzer because it kind of ate my bronzer away. So I'm just going to put a little bit of that on to warm my cheeks back up and I will say that I can't be the sponge is like I've said a million times the saving grace when it comes to makeup. So make sure that you've got a good beauty sponge you can rely on and I'm just putting this back over the cheeks This is definitely helping and then again, beauty sponge. Okay, so we've definitely got to a better place for sure. So all I did was dab everything out with a damp beauty sponge and I lit a little bit more of the Kat Von D on dry powder right here in the under eye because it just broke up so much. And I took a little bit of this concealer right here is put it down here. And I literally blended it out with a brush like this because it was just looking so choppy and awful. blend it out, and then back in with a little bit more of the cream bronzer. And that's what I did. And now there's no patchiness there's a little bit of like, it's kind of like looking a little separator on my nose, but nothing crazy. So I'm not going to wash my face. I actually want you guys to see that it happens and make up and it's not always perfect and you just got to roll the punches and learn how to fix it. So now what I'm going to do Hopefully I don't destroy my makeup. But in order to keep that glow on my cheeks without going in and adding a powder highlight because I want to keep things creamy and amazing. I'm going to go in with the Smashbox primer oil I've shown this trick before, it has not failed me yet. I put a little bit in the back of my hand, just like three drops. And when I'm going to use all those three drops because you will destroy your makeup. If you do that. You take your sponge right here, you dab you get it covered. And then you just want to like go around your wrist, your skin and make sure that you barely have anything on there like you just want the tiniest amount of that oil. And then I'm going to do is go in to those areas where I said it was looking patchy. Oh yeah, so much better. And I just dab it out just a little bit. And that's it. And you can see just gave me a really nice glow in there. And I just fixed the imperfections. It just took what was patchy and just made it look like into the skin. So we're gonna do that. I'm Both sides. Do not overdo it. You can see I'm literally barely touching it just a little bit and then you move on. That's it. So now we have like that really pretty glow back to the skin right there. So my favorite mascara as of recently I went on a mascara hunt and bought like probably 10 to 12 mascaras there were all like top rated mascara at Nordstrom and Sephora. And I've been trying a lot of them and I'm obsessed with this Lancome one. It is so amazing. I know it's very popular. It's called the Monsoor big I think it's called but I'm so picky about mascara as you guys like you know me if you've watched my channel I've stuck to the same mascaras for five years and this one is amazing and I just go straight in with it. I don't even feel like I need to go in with a bass beforehand. I just go in. When you first put it on, it can look really clumpy but if you just keep working it, it makes your lashes so voluminous and thick. Obsessed. Okay, so now for my lower laughs I'm going to go in with the same thing as always, the Mac cosmetics extended play gigbag Giga black lashes where that is a tongue twister for me. Okay, so I'm just having a bad lash day. So that's cute. You know, we can't get realer than this right? This video is just this is the realist. Once again the concealer is oxidizing and it is not matching my net perfectly and I'm very fussy about it because my neck is definitely more yellow golden and this concealer is oxidizing to a much pink year tone. If you can see it on camera. I'll give you a double chin gaze yet Oh man, that was rough. You know that was rough. I would still leave the house looking like this. It's not like I'm like, Oh, this is trash. But there's just been a lot of bumps in the road today. And that's why I'm going to upload this video because that's life. So for my lips, I'm gonna go in with the lip pencil sweet tea by Morphe. I love this lip pencil and it's inexpensive. I know this is like a fan favorite. This is one of the most popular shades music just like a beauty Neutral was a brown undertone. If you're super fair, like when I'm super fair, I don't die for this because it's brown when you're really really really pale, but you got a little color in your skin. It's amazing. I put it on the outer edge and I take my finger and just slide it along. Now I'm not flipping you off, unless you deserve it. Then that's exactly what I'm doing. I'm gonna go in with the shade nude lust by Maybelline and put that all over the lip. Let's put that right on top all over that liner. Then I'm going to go in with the Chrissy Teigen and Becca cosmetics lip gloss in the shade beachbum just such a pretty like nude, a little brown undertone in it. Okay, so now that I have gone where my face is so much with a beauty sponge, I'm definitely much more matte than I intended to be because of all the issues that we came across. So because of that, I'm going to go in with a little bit more of my mood light but I'm going to go in with the shade. This is carrots. Yeah, I'm going to go with the shade care. It's right here, which is one of the lighter ones, but it's still got a little color to it. But I'm just gonna put a little bit of it on the cheek area, just lightly and then just take that up towards. I'm just dropping things. I'm a mess today. This is just I need to be done. I'm gonna take that up a little bit on the nose. Okay, so like that might have saved my life. I'm gonna do something very risky. And it might completely destroy this look at my complete destroy the entire video, but I don't care i'm going to do it. I'm going to go in with the Lyla be a glow face mist, I'm going to spray it just on the cheeks, the cover of my eyes, and just spray it down here. Okay, I'm gonna break my own rule. And since I just applied a powder highlight, I'm going to go in with a little powder blush just because this look is supposed to be blushy and it's not blushy and it's making me a little crazy. So we're gonna put on some blossoms using a few different shades from MAC, just kind of mixing them up. See how this goes Oh god, I'm just, I'm rich. I'm over it. Hello. It's not getting much better than this. That's a lot of mush. Okay, you guys that is it for us and we're going to call this video at this point this um show of an everyday makeup routine. I was not expecting for that, that setting spray to do that. All I know is that definitely really took a toll on my face. I definitely fixed it, but it's still not the look that I was hoping for. In the end. It's typically much dirtier than this and much bulkier than this. I don't feel like it's as fresh as I want it to be but it's real life. And I feel like this video is perfect for the quarantine because it's just like these are the kind of things that are happening right now sitting at home bored playing with makeup and you're like damn, why doesn't it work like it normally does. You know, try to have fun with it. Don't get too frustrated. I know it's easy. When you put a lot of work into your makeup and then something bad happens. It's so frustrating but it's just makeup. It's supposed to be fun. It's supposed to enhance what you're feeling. So just go with it. That's it. I'm done preaching. I love you guys so much, but you enjoyed the video. Stay safe, stay home, and I'll see you guys soon. Bye Walmart Oh come back focus on me 

